Windows/README.md, before:

# |/|/ 1 |/| |) 0 |/|/ 5

- [Awesome Windows](https://github.com/Awesome-Windows/Awesome) - 💻 🎉 An awesome & curated list of best applications and tools for Windows.
- [FanControl.Releases](https://github.com/Rem0o/FanControl.Releases) - This is the release repository for Fan Control, a highly customizable fan controlling software for Windows.

## Anti-Virus and Anti-Rootkit
- [OpenArk](https://github.com/BlackINT3/OpenArk) - OpenArk is an open source anti-rookit(ARK) tool for Windows [openark.blackint3.com](https://openark.blackint3.com).

## Information Collection
- [CPU-Z](https://www.cpuid.com/softwares/cpu-z.html) - Gathers info about processor, mainboard, chipset, memory ++.
- [GPU-Z](https://www.techpowerup.com/download/techpowerup-gpu-z) - Lightweight utility designed to give you all information about your video card and GPU.
- [Speccy](https://www.ccleaner.com/speccy) - Light system information tool, free and pro version.

## Media
- [OSMC (Open Source Media Center)](https://osmc.tv)

## Network
- [TraceWrangler - Packet Capture Toolkit](https://www.tracewrangler.com)

## Productivity
- [GreenShot](https://github.com/greenshot/greenshot) - Greenshot is a light-weight screenshot software tool for Windows.

## Security and Protection
- [EmoCheck](https://github.com/JPCERTCC/EmoCheck) - Emotet detection tool for Windows OS.
- [HardeningKitty](https://github.com/scipag/HardeningKitty) - Invoke-HardeningKitty - Checks and hardens your Windows configuration.
- [Secunia Personal Software Inspector](https://secunia-personal-software-inspector.en.softonic.com/#older-versions) - Discover security vulnerabilities.
- [Screwed-Drivers](https://github.com/eclypsium/Screwed-Drivers) - "Screwed Drivers" centralized information source for code references, links, etc.

  ### Activate sandboxing in Windows Defender
````
1. Open Start and Search for "CMD" or "Command Prompt”
2. Right Click on it and select "Run as administrator."
3. Type: "setx /M MP_FORCE_USE_SANDBOX 1" and then press ENTER
4. Then restart your computer, that’s it
````
## Terminal / CMD / PowerShell
- [awesome-windows-command-line](https://github.com/Awesome-Windows/awesome-windows-command-line) - ◼️ Use your Windows terminal to do awesome things.

Commit message:

added 'Hardware', FanControl.HWInfo, FanControl.DellPlugin, removed 'Information Collection'

Windows/README.md, after:

# |/|/ 1 |/| |) 0 |/|/ 5

- [Awesome Windows](https://github.com/Awesome-Windows/Awesome) - 💻 🎉 An awesome & curated list of best applications and tools for Windows.


## Anti-Virus and Anti-Rootkit
- [OpenArk](https://github.com/BlackINT3/OpenArk) - OpenArk is an open source anti-rookit(ARK) tool for Windows [openark.blackint3.com](https://openark.blackint3.com).

## Hardware
- [CPU-Z](https://www.cpuid.com/softwares/cpu-z.html) - Gathers info about processor, mainboard, chipset, memory ++.
- [FanControl.Releases](https://github.com/Rem0o/FanControl.Releases) - This is the release repository for Fan Control, a highly customizable fan controlling software for Windows.
  - [FanControl.HWInfo](https://github.com/Rem0o/FanControl.HWInfo) - Plugin for FanControl that provides support for HWInfo sensors using its shared memory feature.
  - [FanControl.DellPlugin](https://github.com/Rem0o/FanControl.DellPlugin) - Plugin for FanControl that provides support for Dell laptops using DellFanManagement.
- [GPU-Z](https://www.techpowerup.com/download/techpowerup-gpu-z) - Lightweight utility designed to give you all information about your video card and GPU.
- [Speccy](https://www.ccleaner.com/speccy) - Light system information tool, free and pro version.

## Media
- [OSMC (Open Source Media Center)](https://osmc.tv)

## Network
- [TraceWrangler - Packet Capture Toolkit](https://www.tracewrangler.com)

## Productivity
- [GreenShot](https://github.com/greenshot/greenshot) - Greenshot is a light-weight screenshot software tool for Windows.

## Security and Protection
- [EmoCheck](https://github.com/JPCERTCC/EmoCheck) - Emotet detection tool for Windows OS.
- [HardeningKitty](https://github.com/scipag/HardeningKitty) - Invoke-HardeningKitty - Checks and hardens your Windows configuration.
- [Secunia Personal Software Inspector](https://secunia-personal-software-inspector.en.softonic.com/#older-versions) - Discover security vulnerabilities.
- [Screwed-Drivers](https://github.com/eclypsium/Screwed-Drivers) - "Screwed Drivers" centralized information source for code references, links, etc.

  ### Activate sandboxing in Windows Defender
````
1. Open Start and Search for "CMD" or "Command Prompt”
2. Right Click on it and select "Run as administrator."
3. Type: "setx /M MP_FORCE_USE_SANDBOX 1" and then press ENTER
4. Then restart your computer, that’s it
````
## Terminal / CMD / PowerShell
- [awesome-windows-command-line](https://github.com/Awesome-Windows/awesome-windows-command-line) - ◼️ Use your Windows terminal to do awesome things.
