Gaming.md, before:

# Gaming

## OS dedicated for gaming
- [SteamOS](https://store.steampowered.com/steamos) - SteamOS is the primary operating system for the Steam Machine gaming platform by Valve. It is based on the Debian distribution of Linux.

## Gaming on Linux
- [Lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris) - Open Source gaming platform for GNU/Linux. [lutris.net](https://lutris.net/)
- [Phoenicis PlayOnLinux](https://github.com/PhoenicisOrg/phoenicis) - Software which allows you to easily install and use numerous games and apps designed to run with Windows. [phoenicis.org](https://phoenicis.org/)
- [www.playOnLinux.com](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/) - [Supported app list](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/supported_apps-1-0.html)
- [PlayOnLinux4](https://github.com/PlayOnLinux/POL-POM-4) - PlayOnLinux 4 repository
- [WineTricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks) - Winetricks is an easy way to work around problems in Wine. [winehq.org](https://wiki.winehq.org/Winetricks)
- [gamejolt.com/games?os=linux](https://gamejolt.com/games?os=linux) - Find great games.
  ### Games
   - [Minesweeper-Login](https://github.com/OGoodness/Minesweeper-Login) - Command Line version of MineSweeper for Unix-like systems (GNU/Linux, macOS, BSD).
   - [Quake Wars: Enemy Territory](https://www.splashdamage.com/games/enemy-territory-quake-wars/)
   - [Unreal Tournament](https://www.epicgames.com/unrealtournament/en-US/) - first-person shooter, with head-to-head multiplayer deathmatches being the primary focus of the game [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Unreal_tournament).
   - [Warsow - Warsow is Art of Respect and Sportsmanship Over the Web](https://warsow.net/) - Since 2005, Warsow is considered as one of the most skill-demanding games in the fast-paced arena shooter scene.[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Z9UgZZM)

## Other
- [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode) - Optimise Linux system performance on demand
- [ScummVM](https://github.com/scummvm/scummvm) - program which allows you to run certain classic graphical point-and-click adventure games and role-playing games, provided you already have their data files. [www.scummvm.org](https://www.scummvm.org/) & [supported Games](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Category:Supported_Games)
- [DOSBox-X](https://github.com/joncampbell123/dosbox-x) - open-source DOS emulator for running DOS games and applications. [dosbox-x.com](https://dosbox-x.com/).
- [Dosbox-staging](https://github.com/dosbox-staging/dosbox-staging) - Modernized DOSBox soft-fork.
- [Itch.io](https://itch.io/) - Collection of some of the most unique, interesting, and independent creations you'll find on the web.
- [gamejolt.com](https://gamejolt.com) - Hosting free and commercial indie games.

##
- [OpenRazer](https://openrazer.github.io/) - Open source driver and user-space daemon that allows you to manage your Razer peripherals on GNU/Linux.

Commit message:

added Hardware for Linux Trends and Github repo - Trends in Hardware

Gaming.md, after:

# Gaming
- [Hardware for Linux Trends](https://linux-hardware.org/?view=trends)
  - [Github repo - Trends in Hardware](https://github.com/linuxhw/Trends)

## OS dedicated for gaming
- [SteamOS](https://store.steampowered.com/steamos) - SteamOS is the primary operating system for the Steam Machine gaming platform by Valve. It is based on the Debian distribution of Linux.

## Gaming on Linux
- [Lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris) - Open Source gaming platform for GNU/Linux. [lutris.net](https://lutris.net/)
- [Phoenicis PlayOnLinux](https://github.com/PhoenicisOrg/phoenicis) - Software which allows you to easily install and use numerous games and apps designed to run with Windows. [phoenicis.org](https://phoenicis.org/)
- [www.playOnLinux.com](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/) - [Supported app list](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/supported_apps-1-0.html)
- [PlayOnLinux4](https://github.com/PlayOnLinux/POL-POM-4) - PlayOnLinux 4 repository
- [WineTricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks) - Winetricks is an easy way to work around problems in Wine. [winehq.org](https://wiki.winehq.org/Winetricks)
- [gamejolt.com/games?os=linux](https://gamejolt.com/games?os=linux) - Find great games.
  ### Games
   - [Minesweeper-Login](https://github.com/OGoodness/Minesweeper-Login) - Command Line version of MineSweeper for Unix-like systems (GNU/Linux, macOS, BSD).
   - [Quake Wars: Enemy Territory](https://www.splashdamage.com/games/enemy-territory-quake-wars/)
   - [Unreal Tournament](https://www.epicgames.com/unrealtournament/en-US/) - first-person shooter, with head-to-head multiplayer deathmatches being the primary focus of the game [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Unreal_tournament).
   - [Warsow - Warsow is Art of Respect and Sportsmanship Over the Web](https://warsow.net/) - Since 2005, Warsow is considered as one of the most skill-demanding games in the fast-paced arena shooter scene.[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Z9UgZZM)

## Other
- [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode) - Optimise Linux system performance on demand
- [ScummVM](https://github.com/scummvm/scummvm) - program which allows you to run certain classic graphical point-and-click adventure games and role-playing games, provided you already have their data files. [www.scummvm.org](https://www.scummvm.org/) & [supported Games](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Category:Supported_Games)
- [DOSBox-X](https://github.com/joncampbell123/dosbox-x) - open-source DOS emulator for running DOS games and applications. [dosbox-x.com](https://dosbox-x.com/).
- [Dosbox-staging](https://github.com/dosbox-staging/dosbox-staging) - Modernized DOSBox soft-fork.
- [Itch.io](https://itch.io/) - Collection of some of the most unique, interesting, and independent creations you'll find on the web.
- [gamejolt.com](https://gamejolt.com) - Hosting free and commercial indie games.

##
- [OpenRazer](https://openrazer.github.io/) - Open source driver and user-space daemon that allows you to manage your Razer peripherals on GNU/Linux.
