Gaming On Linux.md, before:

# Gaming

<br>

### Table of content
- [1. OS dedicated for gaming](#1-os-dedicated-for-gaming)
- [2. Gaming on Linux](#2-gaming-on-linux)
  - [Games](#games)
- [3. Peripherals & Hardware](#3-peripherals--hardware)
- [4. Various links](#4-various-links)

<br>

- [Does anti cheat work for your game? Click here](https://areweanticheatyet.com/) - A comprehensive and crowd-sourced list of games using anti-cheats and their compatibility with GNU/Linux or Wine.
- [Pcsx2](https://github.com/PCSX2/pcsx2) - PCSX2 - The Playstation 2 Emulator


## 1. OS dedicated for gaming
- [ChimeraOS](https://chimeraos.org) - ChimeraOS is an operating system that provides an out of the box couch gaming experience. After installation, boot directly into Steam Big Picture and start playing your favorite games. If you want Steam in your living room, you want ChimeraOS.
- [Drauger OS](https://draugeros.org/)
- [Lakka](http://www.lakka.tv/) - Lakka is a lightweight RetroArch distribution designed for small, less powerful machines. Single-board computers like the Raspberry Pi are perfect for Lakka. 
- [SteamOS](https://store.steampowered.com/steamos) - SteamOS is the primary operating system for the Steam Machine gaming platform by Valve. It is based on the Debian distribution of Linux.
- [Ubuntu Gamepack](https://ualinux.com/en/ubuntu-gamepack) - It is an operating system that will guarantee the launch of more than 85,842 games developed both specifically for Linux and developed for Windows, DOS, various game consoles Sega, Nintendo, PSP, Sony PlayStation, ZX Spectrum and many others.
- [winesapOS](https://github.com/LukeShortCloud/winesapOS) - winesapOS - Game with Linux anywhere, no installation required! 

## 2. Gaming on Linux
- [Bottles](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.usebottles.bottles) - Run Windows software on Linux with Bottles!
  - [usebottles.com](https://usebottles.com/) - [AppStore](https://usebottles.com/appstore/) - Origin, Ubisoft Connect, Steam, EA Launcher ++.
- [DOSBox-X](https://github.com/joncampbell123/dosbox-x) - open-source DOS emulator for running DOS games and applications. [dosbox-x.com](https://dosbox-x.com/).
  - [Dosbox-staging](https://github.com/dosbox-staging/dosbox-staging) - Modernized DOSBox soft-fork.
- [GameHub](https://github.com/tkashkin/GameHub) - All your games in one place
- [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode) - Optimise Linux system performance on demand
- [gamingonlinux.com](https://www.gamingonlinux.com/)
  - [Statistics](https://www.gamingonlinux.com/users/statistics/)
- [Linux Game Server Managers](https://linuxgsm.com/) - The command-line tool for quick, simple deployment and management of Linux dedicated game servers.
- [Lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris) - Open Source gaming platform for GNU/Linux. [lutris.net](https://lutris.net/)
- [Moonlight](https://moonlight-stream.org/) - " Moonlight allows you to play your PC games on almost any device, whether you're in another room or miles away from your gaming rig."
  - [Moonlight-qt](https://github.com/moonlight-stream/moonlight-qt) - GameStream client for PCs (Windows, Mac, Linux, and Steam Link)
  - [Sunshine](https://github.com/LizardByte/Sunshine) - Self-hosted game stream host for Moonlight.
- [Phoenicis PlayOnLinux](https://github.com/PhoenicisOrg/phoenicis) - Software which allows you to easily install and use numerous games and apps designed to run with Windows. [phoenicis.org](https://phoenicis.org/)
- [Play.it](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it) - an easy way to install commercial games on GNU/Linux - [Downloads](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it/downloads)
  - [play.it library and wrapper](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it/scripts) - This is the main repository, providing ./play.it library and the "play.it" command.
- [playOnLinux.com](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/) - [Supported app list](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/supported_apps-1-0.html)
- [PlayOnLinux4](https://github.com/PlayOnLinux/POL-POM-4) - PlayOnLinux 4 repository.
- [Proton](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Proton) - Compatibility tool for Steam Play based on Wine and additional components.
- [Retrodeck](https://github.com/retrodeck/retrodeck) - RetroDECK brings you an all-in-one sandboxed application to play your retro games (and even not-so-retro games) on Linux/SteamOS.

- [ScummVM](https://github.com/scummvm/scummvm) - program which allows you to run certain classic graphical point-and-click adventure games and role-playing games, provided you already have their data files. [www.scummvm.org](https://www.scummvm.org/) & [supported Games](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Category:Supported_Games)
- [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/) - Install with `sudo apt install steam`
  - [Steamctl](https://github.com/ValvePython/steamctl) - 🤸 Take control of Steam from your terminal. Steamctl is an open-source CLI utility similar to steamcmd. It provides access to a number of Steam features and data from the command line. While it is possible to download apps and content from Steam, steamctl is not a game launcher.
  - [Steam's Debian Wiki](https://wiki.debian.org/Steam#Basic_installation)
  - To debug games running in proton right click -> Properiets -> Launch Options and write `PROTON_LOG=1 %command%` and file is saved in `$HOME`
- [Wine](https://github.com/wine-mirror/wine) - Program which allows running Microsoft Windows programs (including DOS, Windows 3.x, Win32, and Win64 executables) on Unix.
- [Wine-launcher](https://github.com/hitman249/wine-launcher) - Wine Launcher - Running Windows games under Linux
- [WineTricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks) - Winetricks is an easy way to work around problems in Wine. [winehq.org](https://wiki.winehq.org/Winetricks)
- [gamejolt.com/games?os=linux](https://gamejolt.com/games?os=linux) - Find great games.

  ### Games
   - [30 free and open source Linux games – part 2 ](https://github.blog/2021-08-26-30-free-and-open-source-linux-games-part-2/)
   - [AssaultCube](https://assault.cubers.net/) - AssaultCube is a FREE, multiplayer, first-person shooter game. [Docs](https://assault.cubers.net/docs/getstarted.html)
  ````
  sudo apt install assaultcube assaultcube-data
  
  #might need these
  sudo apt-get install libsdl1.2debian libsdl-image1.2 zlib1g libogg0 libvorbis0a libopenal1 libcurl4

  #Manual install:
  wget https://github.com/assaultcube/AC/releases/download/v1.3.0.2/AssaultCube_v1.3.0.2_LockdownEdition_RC1.tar.bz2
  mkdir AssaultCube
  tar xvf AssaultCube_v1.3.0.2_LockdownEdition_RC1.tar.bz2 -C AssaultCube
  cd AssaultCube
  ./assaultcube.sh
  ````
   - [BFHD PRO II - Patch G2 (Gold)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/battlefield-hd-remastered-3/downloads/bfhd-pro-ii-patch-g-gold) - (wine/winetriks) Battlefield Remastered 3.0 has finally has gone gold after a 2 years development.
   - [Endless Sky](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky) - Space exploration, trading, and combat game. https://endless-sky.github.io/
   - [Enlisted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2051620/Enlisted/) - Free FPS - nice one 
   - [Free Games by The Drakelings Community](https://drakelings.bluedrake42.com/index.php?/category/1-free-games/)
   - [gamejolt.com](https://gamejolt.com) - Hosting free and commercial indie games.
   - [Itch.io](https://itch.io/) - Collection of some of the most unique, interesting, and independent creations you'll find on the web.
   - [Minesweeper-Login](https://github.com/OGoodness/Minesweeper-Login) - Command Line version of MineSweeper for Unix-like systems (GNU/Linux, macOS, BSD).
   - [QMLSokoban](https://github.com/yzhs/qmlsokoban)
     - https://store.kde.org/p/1109280/
     - https://www.opendesktop.org/p/1109280
   - [portablelinuxgames.org](https://portablelinuxgames.org/)
   - [Quake Wars: Enemy Territory](https://www.splashdamage.com/games/enemy-territory-quake-wars/)
   - [S.T.A.L.K.E.R.]()
     - [S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly ](https://drakelings.bluedrake42.com/index.php?/blogs/entry/11-i-cant-believe-this-full-game-is-free/)
   - [Splitgate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/677620/Splitgate/) - Free and works on Steamos/linux
   - [Squad44 / Post Scriptum](https://store.steampowered.com/app/736220/Squad_44/) - $
     - [Guides - nice to read](https://squadfm.org/)
     - [Make it work on Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz-7SbT1vEg) - !! I dont think this works anymore
   - [SuperTuxKart](https://snapcraft.io/supertuxkart) - SuperTuxKart is a 3D open-source arcade racer with a variety of characters, tracks, and modes to play.
   - [Track Mania Nations Forever](https://github.com/snapcrafters/tmnationsforever) - A community-maintained package to easily install TrackMania Nations Forever on Linux.
   - [Unreal Tournament](https://www.epicgames.com/unrealtournament/en-US/) - first-person shooter, with head-to-head multiplayer deathmatches being the primary focus of the game [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Unreal_tournament).
   - [Urban Terror](https://www.urbanterror.info/home/)
  ````
  wget http://cdn.urbanterror.info/urt/43/releases/zips/UrbanTerror434_full.zip
  unzip UrbanTerror434_full.zip
  cd UrbanTerror434_full
  ./Quake3-UrT.x86_64
  ````
   - [Veloren](https://github.com/veloren/veloren) - An open world, open source voxel RPG inspired by Dwarf Fortress and Cube World.
   - [WarkFork](https://store.steampowered.com/app/671610/Warfork/) - Free FPS
   - [Warsow - Warsow is Art of Respect and Sportsmanship Over the Web](https://warsow.net/) - Since 2005, Warsow is considered as one of the most skill-demanding games in the fast-paced arena shooter scene.[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Z9UgZZM)

## 3. Peripherals & Hardware
- [AntiMicro](https://github.com/AntiMicro/antimicro) - Graphical program used to map keyboard buttons and mouse controls to a gamepad. Useful for playing games with no gamepad support.
- [AntiMicroX](https://github.com/AntiMicroX/antimicrox) - Graphical program used to map keyboard buttons and mouse controls to a gamepad. Useful for playing games with no gamepad support.
- [CKB](https://github.com/ccMSC/ckb) - RGB Driver for Linux and OS X.
- [Hardware for Linux Trends](https://linux-hardware.org/?view=trends)
  - [Trends by linuxhw](https://github.com/linuxhw/Trends)
  - [PCI passthrough via OVMF](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF) - Arch wiki
- [Liquidctl](https://github.com/liquidctl/liquidctl) - Cross-platform CLI and Python drivers for AIO liquid coolers and other devices
- [Piper](https://github.com/libratbag/piper) - GTK application to configure gaming devices.
- Razer
  - [OpenRazer](https://openrazer.github.io/) - Open source driver and user-space daemon that allows you to manage your Razer peripherals on GNU/Linux. [openrazer.github.io/#ubuntu](https://openrazer.github.io/#ubuntu)
  - [Polychromatic](https://github.com/polychromatic/polychromatic) - RGB lighting management software for GNU/Linux. Powered by OpenRazer (soon to be vendor agnostic). [polychromatic.app](https://polychromatic.app)
  - [RazerGenie ](https://github.com/z3ntu/RazerGenie) - Qt application for configuring your Razer devices under GNU/Linux.
  - [RazerCommander](https://github.com/GabMus/razerCommander) - Simple GUI written in Gtk3.
  - [Snake](http://bithatch.co.uk/snake.html) - a stylised tool and tray applet for configuring Razer devices on Linux, written in Java.
  - [Chroma Feedback](https://github.com/redaxmedia/chroma-feedback) - Turn your Razer keyboard, mouse or headphone into a extreme feedback device.

## 4. Various links
- [Motion blur test for your screen](https://www.testufo.com)
- [In-depth product reviews](https://www.rtings.com/)

Commit message:

- [ShadPS4](https://github.com/shadps4-emu/shadPS4) - PlayStation 4 emulator for Windows, Linux and macOS written in C++

Gaming On Linux.md, after:

# Gaming

<br>

### Table of content
- [1. OS dedicated for gaming](#1-os-dedicated-for-gaming)
- [2. Gaming on Linux](#2-gaming-on-linux)
  - [Games](#games)
- [3. Peripherals & Hardware](#3-peripherals--hardware)
- [4. Various links](#4-various-links)

<br>

- [Does anti cheat work for your game? Click here](https://areweanticheatyet.com/) - A comprehensive and crowd-sourced list of games using anti-cheats and their compatibility with GNU/Linux or Wine.
- [Pcsx2](https://github.com/PCSX2/pcsx2) - PCSX2 - The Playstation 2 Emulator
- [ShadPS4](https://github.com/shadps4-emu/shadPS4) - PlayStation 4 emulator for Windows, Linux and macOS written in C++


## 1. OS dedicated for gaming
- [ChimeraOS](https://chimeraos.org) - ChimeraOS is an operating system that provides an out of the box couch gaming experience. After installation, boot directly into Steam Big Picture and start playing your favorite games. If you want Steam in your living room, you want ChimeraOS.
- [Drauger OS](https://draugeros.org/)
- [Lakka](http://www.lakka.tv/) - Lakka is a lightweight RetroArch distribution designed for small, less powerful machines. Single-board computers like the Raspberry Pi are perfect for Lakka. 
- [SteamOS](https://store.steampowered.com/steamos) - SteamOS is the primary operating system for the Steam Machine gaming platform by Valve. It is based on the Debian distribution of Linux.
- [Ubuntu Gamepack](https://ualinux.com/en/ubuntu-gamepack) - It is an operating system that will guarantee the launch of more than 85,842 games developed both specifically for Linux and developed for Windows, DOS, various game consoles Sega, Nintendo, PSP, Sony PlayStation, ZX Spectrum and many others.
- [winesapOS](https://github.com/LukeShortCloud/winesapOS) - winesapOS - Game with Linux anywhere, no installation required! 

## 2. Gaming on Linux
- [Bottles](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.usebottles.bottles) - Run Windows software on Linux with Bottles!
  - [usebottles.com](https://usebottles.com/) - [AppStore](https://usebottles.com/appstore/) - Origin, Ubisoft Connect, Steam, EA Launcher ++.
- [DOSBox-X](https://github.com/joncampbell123/dosbox-x) - open-source DOS emulator for running DOS games and applications. [dosbox-x.com](https://dosbox-x.com/).
  - [Dosbox-staging](https://github.com/dosbox-staging/dosbox-staging) - Modernized DOSBox soft-fork.
- [GameHub](https://github.com/tkashkin/GameHub) - All your games in one place
- [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode) - Optimise Linux system performance on demand
- [gamingonlinux.com](https://www.gamingonlinux.com/)
  - [Statistics](https://www.gamingonlinux.com/users/statistics/)
- [Linux Game Server Managers](https://linuxgsm.com/) - The command-line tool for quick, simple deployment and management of Linux dedicated game servers.
- [Lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris) - Open Source gaming platform for GNU/Linux. [lutris.net](https://lutris.net/)
- [Moonlight](https://moonlight-stream.org/) - " Moonlight allows you to play your PC games on almost any device, whether you're in another room or miles away from your gaming rig."
  - [Moonlight-qt](https://github.com/moonlight-stream/moonlight-qt) - GameStream client for PCs (Windows, Mac, Linux, and Steam Link)
  - [Sunshine](https://github.com/LizardByte/Sunshine) - Self-hosted game stream host for Moonlight.
- [Phoenicis PlayOnLinux](https://github.com/PhoenicisOrg/phoenicis) - Software which allows you to easily install and use numerous games and apps designed to run with Windows. [phoenicis.org](https://phoenicis.org/)
- [Play.it](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it) - an easy way to install commercial games on GNU/Linux - [Downloads](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it/downloads)
  - [play.it library and wrapper](https://forge.dotslashplay.it/play.it/scripts) - This is the main repository, providing ./play.it library and the "play.it" command.
- [playOnLinux.com](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/) - [Supported app list](https://www.playonlinux.com/en/supported_apps-1-0.html)
- [PlayOnLinux4](https://github.com/PlayOnLinux/POL-POM-4) - PlayOnLinux 4 repository.
- [Proton](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Proton) - Compatibility tool for Steam Play based on Wine and additional components.
- [Retrodeck](https://github.com/retrodeck/retrodeck) - RetroDECK brings you an all-in-one sandboxed application to play your retro games (and even not-so-retro games) on Linux/SteamOS.

- [ScummVM](https://github.com/scummvm/scummvm) - program which allows you to run certain classic graphical point-and-click adventure games and role-playing games, provided you already have their data files. [www.scummvm.org](https://www.scummvm.org/) & [supported Games](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Category:Supported_Games)
- [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/) - Install with `sudo apt install steam`
  - [Steamctl](https://github.com/ValvePython/steamctl) - 🤸 Take control of Steam from your terminal. Steamctl is an open-source CLI utility similar to steamcmd. It provides access to a number of Steam features and data from the command line. While it is possible to download apps and content from Steam, steamctl is not a game launcher.
  - [Steam's Debian Wiki](https://wiki.debian.org/Steam#Basic_installation)
  - To debug games running in proton right click -> Properiets -> Launch Options and write `PROTON_LOG=1 %command%` and file is saved in `$HOME`
- [Wine](https://github.com/wine-mirror/wine) - Program which allows running Microsoft Windows programs (including DOS, Windows 3.x, Win32, and Win64 executables) on Unix.
- [Wine-launcher](https://github.com/hitman249/wine-launcher) - Wine Launcher - Running Windows games under Linux
- [WineTricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks) - Winetricks is an easy way to work around problems in Wine. [winehq.org](https://wiki.winehq.org/Winetricks)
- [gamejolt.com/games?os=linux](https://gamejolt.com/games?os=linux) - Find great games.

  ### Games
   - [30 free and open source Linux games – part 2 ](https://github.blog/2021-08-26-30-free-and-open-source-linux-games-part-2/)
   - [AssaultCube](https://assault.cubers.net/) - AssaultCube is a FREE, multiplayer, first-person shooter game. [Docs](https://assault.cubers.net/docs/getstarted.html)
  ````
  sudo apt install assaultcube assaultcube-data
  
  #might need these
  sudo apt-get install libsdl1.2debian libsdl-image1.2 zlib1g libogg0 libvorbis0a libopenal1 libcurl4

  #Manual install:
  wget https://github.com/assaultcube/AC/releases/download/v1.3.0.2/AssaultCube_v1.3.0.2_LockdownEdition_RC1.tar.bz2
  mkdir AssaultCube
  tar xvf AssaultCube_v1.3.0.2_LockdownEdition_RC1.tar.bz2 -C AssaultCube
  cd AssaultCube
  ./assaultcube.sh
  ````
   - [BFHD PRO II - Patch G2 (Gold)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/battlefield-hd-remastered-3/downloads/bfhd-pro-ii-patch-g-gold) - (wine/winetriks) Battlefield Remastered 3.0 has finally has gone gold after a 2 years development.
   - [Endless Sky](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky) - Space exploration, trading, and combat game. https://endless-sky.github.io/
   - [Enlisted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2051620/Enlisted/) - Free FPS - nice one 
   - [Free Games by The Drakelings Community](https://drakelings.bluedrake42.com/index.php?/category/1-free-games/)
   - [gamejolt.com](https://gamejolt.com) - Hosting free and commercial indie games.
   - [Itch.io](https://itch.io/) - Collection of some of the most unique, interesting, and independent creations you'll find on the web.
   - [Minesweeper-Login](https://github.com/OGoodness/Minesweeper-Login) - Command Line version of MineSweeper for Unix-like systems (GNU/Linux, macOS, BSD).
   - [QMLSokoban](https://github.com/yzhs/qmlsokoban)
     - https://store.kde.org/p/1109280/
     - https://www.opendesktop.org/p/1109280
   - [portablelinuxgames.org](https://portablelinuxgames.org/)
   - [Quake Wars: Enemy Territory](https://www.splashdamage.com/games/enemy-territory-quake-wars/)
   - [S.T.A.L.K.E.R.]()
     - [S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly ](https://drakelings.bluedrake42.com/index.php?/blogs/entry/11-i-cant-believe-this-full-game-is-free/)
   - [Splitgate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/677620/Splitgate/) - Free and works on Steamos/linux
   - [Squad44 / Post Scriptum](https://store.steampowered.com/app/736220/Squad_44/) - $
     - [Guides - nice to read](https://squadfm.org/)
     - [Make it work on Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz-7SbT1vEg) - !! I dont think this works anymore
   - [SuperTuxKart](https://snapcraft.io/supertuxkart) - SuperTuxKart is a 3D open-source arcade racer with a variety of characters, tracks, and modes to play.
   - [Track Mania Nations Forever](https://github.com/snapcrafters/tmnationsforever) - A community-maintained package to easily install TrackMania Nations Forever on Linux.
   - [Unreal Tournament](https://www.epicgames.com/unrealtournament/en-US/) - first-person shooter, with head-to-head multiplayer deathmatches being the primary focus of the game [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Unreal_tournament).
   - [Urban Terror](https://www.urbanterror.info/home/)
  ````
  wget http://cdn.urbanterror.info/urt/43/releases/zips/UrbanTerror434_full.zip
  unzip UrbanTerror434_full.zip
  cd UrbanTerror434_full
  ./Quake3-UrT.x86_64
  ````
   - [Veloren](https://github.com/veloren/veloren) - An open world, open source voxel RPG inspired by Dwarf Fortress and Cube World.
   - [WarkFork](https://store.steampowered.com/app/671610/Warfork/) - Free FPS
   - [Warsow - Warsow is Art of Respect and Sportsmanship Over the Web](https://warsow.net/) - Since 2005, Warsow is considered as one of the most skill-demanding games in the fast-paced arena shooter scene.[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Z9UgZZM)

## 3. Peripherals & Hardware
- [AntiMicro](https://github.com/AntiMicro/antimicro) - Graphical program used to map keyboard buttons and mouse controls to a gamepad. Useful for playing games with no gamepad support.
- [AntiMicroX](https://github.com/AntiMicroX/antimicrox) - Graphical program used to map keyboard buttons and mouse controls to a gamepad. Useful for playing games with no gamepad support.
- [CKB](https://github.com/ccMSC/ckb) - RGB Driver for Linux and OS X.
- [Hardware for Linux Trends](https://linux-hardware.org/?view=trends)
  - [Trends by linuxhw](https://github.com/linuxhw/Trends)
  - [PCI passthrough via OVMF](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF) - Arch wiki
- [Liquidctl](https://github.com/liquidctl/liquidctl) - Cross-platform CLI and Python drivers for AIO liquid coolers and other devices
- [Piper](https://github.com/libratbag/piper) - GTK application to configure gaming devices.
- Razer
  - [OpenRazer](https://openrazer.github.io/) - Open source driver and user-space daemon that allows you to manage your Razer peripherals on GNU/Linux. [openrazer.github.io/#ubuntu](https://openrazer.github.io/#ubuntu)
  - [Polychromatic](https://github.com/polychromatic/polychromatic) - RGB lighting management software for GNU/Linux. Powered by OpenRazer (soon to be vendor agnostic). [polychromatic.app](https://polychromatic.app)
  - [RazerGenie ](https://github.com/z3ntu/RazerGenie) - Qt application for configuring your Razer devices under GNU/Linux.
  - [RazerCommander](https://github.com/GabMus/razerCommander) - Simple GUI written in Gtk3.
  - [Snake](http://bithatch.co.uk/snake.html) - a stylised tool and tray applet for configuring Razer devices on Linux, written in Java.
  - [Chroma Feedback](https://github.com/redaxmedia/chroma-feedback) - Turn your Razer keyboard, mouse or headphone into a extreme feedback device.

## 4. Various links
- [Motion blur test for your screen](https://www.testufo.com)
- [In-depth product reviews](https://www.rtings.com/)
