Malware-Analytics.md, before:

# Malware Analytics

## Analysis Online
- [www.hybrid-analysis.com](https://www.hybrid-analysis.com) - free malware analysis service for the community that detects and analyzes unknown threats using a unique Hybrid Analysis technology.
- [www.virustotal.com](virustotal.com/) - Analyze suspicious files and URLs to detect types of malware, automatically share them with the security community 

## Fuzzy hashing
- [SSDeep](https://github.com/ssdeep-project/ssdeep) - Fuzzy hashing API and fuzzy hashing tool . [ssdeep-project.github.io](https://ssdeep-project.github.io/ssdeep/index.html)

## Network Traffic Analysis
- [Pcap files and malware samples](https://malware-traffic-analysis.net) - Since the summer of 2013, this site has published over 1,600 blog entries about malicious network traffic.  Almost every post on this site has pcap files or malware samples (or both).

## Malware Collections - be caucus!
- [Android Malware](https://github.com/ashishb/android-malware) - GitHub repository of Android malware samples.
- [Contagio Mobile](https://contagiominidump.blogspot.com/) – Mobile malware mini dump.
- [DasMalwarek](https://malwareanalysis.co/samples/)
- [Endermanch MalwareDatabase](https://github.com/Endermanch/MalwareDatabase) - This repository is one of a few malware collections on the GitHub. 
- [fabrimagic72 malware-samples](https://github.com/fabrimagic72/malware-samples/) - A collection of malware samples caught by several honeypots i manage 
- [gr33ntii malware-collection ](https://github.com/gr33ntii/malware-collection) - Author x0lzs3c
- [HynekPetrak javascript-malware-collection](https://github.com/HynekPetrak/javascript-malware-collection) - Collection of almost 40.000 javascript malware samples.
- [InQuest malware-samples](https://github.com/InQuest/malware-samples) - A collection of malware samples and relevant dissection information, most probably referenced from [https://blog.inquest.net](https://inquest.net/blog)
- [nikicat web-malware-collection](https://github.com/nikicat/web-malware-collection)
- [Objective See Collection](https://objective-see.com/malware.html) - macOS malware samples.
- [Packet Total](https://packettotal.com/malware-archive.html) – PCAP based malware sources.
- [TakeDefense](http://www.tekdefense.com/downloads/malware-samples/)
- [URLhaus](https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/browse/) – Online and real-world malware campaign samples.
- [vxunderground MalwareSourceCode](https://github.com/vxunderground/MalwareSourceCode) - Collection of malware source code for a variety of platforms in an array of different programming languages. [www.vx-underground.org](https://vx-underground.org/)


- [ytisf theZoo](https://github.com/ytisf/theZoo) - A repository of LIVE malwares for your own joy and pleasure. theZoo is a project created to make the possibility of malware analysis open and available to the public. [thezoo.morirt.com](https://thezoo.morirt.com/)


## Operating Systems
- [REMnux](https://remnux.org/) - REMnux® is a Linux toolkit for reverse-engineering and analyzing malicious software. REMnux provides a curated collection of free tools created by the community. Analysts can use it to investigate malware without having to find, install, and configure the tools. 

## Tutorials and stuff
- [Complete Malware Analysis Tutorials, Cheatsheet](https://gbhackers.com/malware-analysis-cheat-sheet-and-tools-list/)A Complete Malware Analysis Tutorials, Cheatsheet & Tools list for Security Professionals.

Commit message:

Added Shellntel's Dragon Backdoor repo]

Malware-Analytics.md, after:

# Malware Analytics

## Analysis Online
- [www.hybrid-analysis.com](https://www.hybrid-analysis.com) - free malware analysis service for the community that detects and analyzes unknown threats using a unique Hybrid Analysis technology.
- [www.virustotal.com](virustotal.com/) - Analyze suspicious files and URLs to detect types of malware, automatically share them with the security community 

## Fuzzy hashing
- [SSDeep](https://github.com/ssdeep-project/ssdeep) - Fuzzy hashing API and fuzzy hashing tool . [ssdeep-project.github.io](https://ssdeep-project.github.io/ssdeep/index.html)

## Network Traffic Analysis
- [Pcap files and malware samples](https://malware-traffic-analysis.net) - Since the summer of 2013, this site has published over 1,600 blog entries about malicious network traffic.  Almost every post on this site has pcap files or malware samples (or both).

## Malware Collections - be caucus!
- [Android Malware](https://github.com/ashishb/android-malware) - GitHub repository of Android malware samples.
- [Contagio Mobile](https://contagiominidump.blogspot.com/) – Mobile malware mini dump.
- [DasMalwarek](https://malwareanalysis.co/samples/)
- [Shellntel's Dragon Backdoor repo](https://github.com/Shellntel/backdoors) - dragon.c: a sniffing, non binding, reverse down/exec, portknocking service * Based on cd00r.c by fx@phenoelit.de and helldoor.c by drizzt@drizzt.it.
- [Endermanch MalwareDatabase](https://github.com/Endermanch/MalwareDatabase) - This repository is one of a few malware collections on the GitHub. 
- [fabrimagic72 malware-samples](https://github.com/fabrimagic72/malware-samples/) - A collection of malware samples caught by several honeypots i manage 
- [gr33ntii malware-collection ](https://github.com/gr33ntii/malware-collection) - Author x0lzs3c
- [HynekPetrak javascript-malware-collection](https://github.com/HynekPetrak/javascript-malware-collection) - Collection of almost 40.000 javascript malware samples.
- [InQuest malware-samples](https://github.com/InQuest/malware-samples) - A collection of malware samples and relevant dissection information, most probably referenced from [https://blog.inquest.net](https://inquest.net/blog)
- [nikicat web-malware-collection](https://github.com/nikicat/web-malware-collection)
- [Objective See Collection](https://objective-see.com/malware.html) - macOS malware samples.
- [Packet Total](https://packettotal.com/malware-archive.html) – PCAP based malware sources.
- [TakeDefense](http://www.tekdefense.com/downloads/malware-samples/)
- [URLhaus](https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/browse/) – Online and real-world malware campaign samples.
- [vxunderground MalwareSourceCode](https://github.com/vxunderground/MalwareSourceCode) - Collection of malware source code for a variety of platforms in an array of different programming languages. [www.vx-underground.org](https://vx-underground.org/)


- [ytisf theZoo](https://github.com/ytisf/theZoo) - A repository of LIVE malwares for your own joy and pleasure. theZoo is a project created to make the possibility of malware analysis open and available to the public. [thezoo.morirt.com](https://thezoo.morirt.com/)


## Operating Systems
- [REMnux](https://remnux.org/) - REMnux® is a Linux toolkit for reverse-engineering and analyzing malicious software. REMnux provides a curated collection of free tools created by the community. Analysts can use it to investigate malware without having to find, install, and configure the tools. 

## Tutorials and stuff
- [Complete Malware Analysis Tutorials, Cheatsheet](https://gbhackers.com/malware-analysis-cheat-sheet-and-tools-list/)A Complete Malware Analysis Tutorials, Cheatsheet & Tools list for Security Professionals.
