Mobile.md, before:

# Mobile

- [Appium](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop) - Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. [appium.io](https://appium.io)

## Android
- [Anbox](https://github.com/anbox/anbox) - Anbox is a container-based approach to boot a full Android system on a regular GNU/Linux system.
  - [Anbox docs](https://github.com/anbox/docs)
  - [Anbox kernel modules](https://github.com/anbox/anbox-modules)
  - [How to Run Android Apps on Ubuntu Linux with Anbox](https://www.maketecheasier.com/run-android-apps-on-ubuntu/)
- [AVD (Android Virtual Device)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)
- [NoxPlayer](https://www.bignox.com/) - Free Android emulator for Windows and MacOS.
- [OsmAnd - Offline mobile maps & navigation](https://osmand.net/) - OsmAnd - OpenStreetMap Automated Navigation Directions is a map and navigation app for Android and iOS.
- [SCRCpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) - Display and control your Android device.

## iOS
- [Cydia Impactor](https://cydiaimpactor.biz/download/) https://cydiaimpactor.online/cydia-impactor-alternative/ - application that can sideload any IPA file through a Windows, Mac or Linux PC to any kind of iDevice. 
- [HorizonCalendar](https://github.com/airbnb/HorizonCalendar) - A declarative, performant, iOS calendar UI component that supports use cases ranging from simple date pickers all the way up to fully-featured calendar apps.

### Privacy
- [Guardian](https://guardianapp.com/)

Commit message:

IPV Spyware Discovery (ISDi) Tool

Mobile.md, after:

# Mobile

- [Appium](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop) - Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. [appium.io](https://appium.io)

## Android
- [Anbox](https://github.com/anbox/anbox) - Anbox is a container-based approach to boot a full Android system on a regular GNU/Linux system.
  - [Anbox docs](https://github.com/anbox/docs)
  - [Anbox kernel modules](https://github.com/anbox/anbox-modules)
  - [How to Run Android Apps on Ubuntu Linux with Anbox](https://www.maketecheasier.com/run-android-apps-on-ubuntu/)
- [AVD (Android Virtual Device)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)
- [IPV Spyware Discovery (ISDi) Tool](https://github.com/stopipv/isdi) - ISDi (IPV Spyware Discovery) tool for Android and iOS.
- [NoxPlayer](https://www.bignox.com/) - Free Android emulator for Windows and MacOS.
- [OsmAnd - Offline mobile maps & navigation](https://osmand.net/) - OsmAnd - OpenStreetMap Automated Navigation Directions is a map and navigation app for Android and iOS.
- [SCRCpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) - Display and control your Android device.

## iOS
- [Cydia Impactor](https://cydiaimpactor.biz/download/) https://cydiaimpactor.online/cydia-impactor-alternative/ - application that can sideload any IPA file through a Windows, Mac or Linux PC to any kind of iDevice. 
- [HorizonCalendar](https://github.com/airbnb/HorizonCalendar) - A declarative, performant, iOS calendar UI component that supports use cases ranging from simple date pickers all the way up to fully-featured calendar apps.

### Privacy
- [Guardian](https://guardianapp.com/)
