Networking.md, before:

# Networking

## Anonymity
- [Proxychains-ng](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) - proxychains ng (new generation) - a preloader which hooks calls to sockets in dynamically linked programs and redirects it through one or more socks/http proxies.
#### TOR - The Onion Router
- [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) - Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication. The name derived from the acronym for the original software project name "The Onion Router". Tor directs Internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer overlay network consisting of more than seven thousand relays to conceal a user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis.
  - [brdgrd (Bridge Guard)](https://github.com/NullHypothesis/brdgrd) - Protects Tor bridges from being scanned (and as a result blocked) by GFW probes. [How the Great Firewall of China is Blocking Tor](https://www.cs.kau.se/philwint/gfw/)
- [Tor Proxy](https://onion.pet/) - Onion.pet - Tor2Web Darknet Proxy
- [Tor2web](https://github.com/tor2web/Tor2web) - Tor2web is an HTTP proxy software that enables access to Tor Hidden Services by mean of common web browsers. [tor2web.org](https://www.tor2web.org/)

## Bot Net
- [Byob](https://github.com/malwaredllc/byob) - An open-source post-exploitation framework for students, researchers and developers. [byob.dev](https://byob.dev/)
- [PoshBot](https://github.com/poshbotio/PoshBot) - Powershell-based bot framework 

## Bypass Firewalls / Encapsulation traffic
- [Geneva](https://github.com/Kkevsterrr/geneva) - automated censorship evasion for the client-side and server-side 
  - [Article: Geneva tool lets you bypass censorship by merely doing nothing](https://www.hackread.com/geneva-tool-bypass-censorship-by-doing-nothing/)
- [ICMPTunnel](https://github.com/DhavalKapil/icmptunnel) - Transparently tunnel your IP traffic through ICMP echo and reply packets. [dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/](https://dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/)
- [Udp2raw-tunnel](https://github.com/wangyu-/udp2raw-tunnel) - A Tunnel which turns UDP Traffic into Encrypted FakeTCP/UDP/ICMP Traffic by using Raw Socket, helps you Bypass UDP FireWalls(or Unstable UDP Environment).

## Deep Packet Inspection
- [deep-packet-inspection](https://devopedia.org/deep-packet-inspection)
- [DPI Using GPUs pdf](https://on-demand.gputechconf.com/gtc/2017/presentation/s7468-wenji-wu-network-traffic-analysis-using-gpus.pdf) - Deep Packet Inspection Using GPUs
- [WireCAP](https://wirecap.fnal.gov/) - a Novel Packet Capture Engine for Commodity NICs in High-speed Networks

### Network Simulation
- [flare-fakenet-ng](https://github.com/fireeye/flare-fakenet-ng) - Next Generation Dynamic Network Analysis Tool.
- [GNs3-server](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-server) - The GNS3 server manages emulators such as Dynamips, VirtualBox or Qemu/KVM. [www.gns3.com](https://www.gns3.com/)
  - [GNs3-gui](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-gui) - GNS3 Graphical Network Simulator.
- [INetSim](https://www.inetsim.org/) - software suite for simulating common internet services in a lab environment, e.g. for analyzing the network behaviour of unknown malware samples. 
- [The Shadow Simulator](https://github.com/shadow/shadow) - Shadow is a unique discrete-event network simulator that runs real applications like Tor, and distributed systems of thousands of nodes on a single machine. 

## Proxy
- [Privoxy](https://www.privoxy.org/) - Privoxy is a non-caching web proxy with advanced filtering capabilities for enhancing privacy, modifying web page data and HTTP headers, controlling access, and removing ads and other obnoxious Internet junk.
- [Project V](https://github.com/v2fly/v2ray-core) - A platform for building proxies to bypass network restrictions. [Official website](https://www.v2fly.org/)
- [Squid](http://www.squid-cache.org/) - Squid is a caching proxy for the Web supporting HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, and more. It reduces bandwidth and improves response times by caching and reusing frequently-requested web pages.
- [Tinyproxy](https://github.com/tinyproxy/tinyproxy) - Tinyproxy is a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems.
- [RPIVOT](https://github.com/klsecservices/rpivot) - socks4 reverse proxy for penetration testing 

### Other proxies
- [Apache2](https://httpd.apache.org/)
- [NginX](https://www.nginx.com/) - [Nginx GIthub](https://github.com/nginx/nginx)

## Secure WebBrowsers
- Comodo Dragon https://www.comodo.com/home/browsers-toolbars/browser.php
- https://www.waterfox.net/
https://www.srware.net/iron/

Commit message:

Added redsocks – transparent TCP-to-proxy redirector

Networking.md, after:

# Networking

## Anonymity
- [Proxychains-ng](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) - proxychains ng (new generation) - a preloader which hooks calls to sockets in dynamically linked programs and redirects it through one or more socks/http proxies.
#### TOR - The Onion Router
- [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) - Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication. The name derived from the acronym for the original software project name "The Onion Router". Tor directs Internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer overlay network consisting of more than seven thousand relays to conceal a user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis.
  - [brdgrd (Bridge Guard)](https://github.com/NullHypothesis/brdgrd) - Protects Tor bridges from being scanned (and as a result blocked) by GFW probes. [How the Great Firewall of China is Blocking Tor](https://www.cs.kau.se/philwint/gfw/)
- [Tor Proxy](https://onion.pet/) - Onion.pet - Tor2Web Darknet Proxy
- [Tor2web](https://github.com/tor2web/Tor2web) - Tor2web is an HTTP proxy software that enables access to Tor Hidden Services by mean of common web browsers. [tor2web.org](https://www.tor2web.org/)

## Bot Net
- [Byob](https://github.com/malwaredllc/byob) - An open-source post-exploitation framework for students, researchers and developers. [byob.dev](https://byob.dev/)
- [PoshBot](https://github.com/poshbotio/PoshBot) - Powershell-based bot framework 

## Bypass Firewalls / Encapsulation traffic
- [Geneva](https://github.com/Kkevsterrr/geneva) - automated censorship evasion for the client-side and server-side 
  - [Article: Geneva tool lets you bypass censorship by merely doing nothing](https://www.hackread.com/geneva-tool-bypass-censorship-by-doing-nothing/)
- [ICMPTunnel](https://github.com/DhavalKapil/icmptunnel) - Transparently tunnel your IP traffic through ICMP echo and reply packets. [dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/](https://dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/)
- [Udp2raw-tunnel](https://github.com/wangyu-/udp2raw-tunnel) - A Tunnel which turns UDP Traffic into Encrypted FakeTCP/UDP/ICMP Traffic by using Raw Socket, helps you Bypass UDP FireWalls(or Unstable UDP Environment).

## Deep Packet Inspection
- [deep-packet-inspection](https://devopedia.org/deep-packet-inspection)
- [DPI Using GPUs pdf](https://on-demand.gputechconf.com/gtc/2017/presentation/s7468-wenji-wu-network-traffic-analysis-using-gpus.pdf) - Deep Packet Inspection Using GPUs
- [WireCAP](https://wirecap.fnal.gov/) - a Novel Packet Capture Engine for Commodity NICs in High-speed Networks

### Network Simulation
- [flare-fakenet-ng](https://github.com/fireeye/flare-fakenet-ng) - Next Generation Dynamic Network Analysis Tool.
- [GNs3-server](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-server) - The GNS3 server manages emulators such as Dynamips, VirtualBox or Qemu/KVM. [www.gns3.com](https://www.gns3.com/)
  - [GNs3-gui](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-gui) - GNS3 Graphical Network Simulator.
- [INetSim](https://www.inetsim.org/) - software suite for simulating common internet services in a lab environment, e.g. for analyzing the network behaviour of unknown malware samples. 
- [The Shadow Simulator](https://github.com/shadow/shadow) - Shadow is a unique discrete-event network simulator that runs real applications like Tor, and distributed systems of thousands of nodes on a single machine. 

## Proxy
- [Privoxy](https://www.privoxy.org/) - Privoxy is a non-caching web proxy with advanced filtering capabilities for enhancing privacy, modifying web page data and HTTP headers, controlling access, and removing ads and other obnoxious Internet junk.
- [Project V](https://github.com/v2fly/v2ray-core) - A platform for building proxies to bypass network restrictions. [Official website](https://www.v2fly.org/)
- [Squid](http://www.squid-cache.org/) - Squid is a caching proxy for the Web supporting HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, and more. It reduces bandwidth and improves response times by caching and reusing frequently-requested web pages.
- [Tinyproxy](https://github.com/tinyproxy/tinyproxy) - Tinyproxy is a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems.
- [Redsocks – transparent TCP-to-proxy redirector](https://github.com/darkk/redsocks) -  transparent TCP-to-proxy redirector.
- [RPIVOT](https://github.com/klsecservices/rpivot) - socks4 reverse proxy for penetration testing 

### Other proxies
- [Apache2](https://httpd.apache.org/)
- [NginX](https://www.nginx.com/) - [Nginx GIthub](https://github.com/nginx/nginx)

## Secure WebBrowsers
- Comodo Dragon https://www.comodo.com/home/browsers-toolbars/browser.php
- https://www.waterfox.net/
https://www.srware.net/iron/
