Operating Systems.md, before:


# Operating systems

1. [A list of web resources](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#a-list-of-web-resources)
2. [BOOT / BIOS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#boot--bios)
3. [Create Your Own Custom Linux OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#create-your-own-custom-linux-os)
4. [Country Specific](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#country-specific)
5. [Desktop OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#desktop-oses)
<br >  4.1 [Most beautiful Linux Distributions 2020 (alphabetic order)](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#most-beautiful-linux-distributions-2020-alphabetic-order)
<br >  4.2 [Privacy focused OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#privacy-and-security-focused-desktops)
5. [IoT, embedded devices, tablets](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#iot-embedded-devices-tablets)
6. [Pen-testing and security auditing](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#pen-testing-and-security-auditing)
7. [Router and Firewall OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#router-and-firewall-oses)
8. [Server OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#server-oses)
<br >  8.1 [NAS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#nas)
9. [Unix OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#unix-os)
<br >
<br >

## A list of web resources
- [archiveos.org](https://archiveos.org) - Arhive of Operating Systems with Linux, BSD, DOS, Solaris and others.
- [DistroWatch.com](https://distrowatch.com)
- [Hardware for Linux Trends](https://linux-hardware.org/?view=trends)

## BOOT / BIOS
- [CoreBoot]() - Coreboot is a Free Software project aimed at replacing the proprietary BIOS (firmware) found in most computers. coreboot performs a little bit of hardware initialization and then executes additional boot logic, called a payload.

## Create Your Own Custom Linux OS
- [Cubic](https://launchpad.net/cubic)
- [Linux From Scratch](http://www.linuxfromscratch.org)
- [Linux Live Kit](https://www.linux-live.org)
- [Live Magic](https://chris-lamb.co.uk/projects/live-magic)
- [Linux Respin](http://www.linuxrespin.org)
- [Ubuntu Imager](https://github.com/Distroshare/distroshare-ubuntu-imager) - Creates an installable live CD from an installed Ubuntu or derivative distribution.

## Country Specific
  ### Russian Federation
  - Rosa Linux - Certified by FSTEC (Federal Service for Technical and Export Control of Russia)
    - [Rosa Fresh](http://rosalinux.com/rosa-fresh) - Free and free system for home use.
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Desktop](http://rosalinux.com/red)
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Server](http://rosalinux.com/rels)

## Desktop OSes
- [Asahi](https://asahilinux.org) - Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux experience on Apple Silicon Macs.
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Deepin](https://www.deepin.org/en/) - based on Debian, features DDE, the Deepin Desktop Environment, built on Qt.
  - Be aware - There is conserns about analytics collected by Deepin which are sent to the Chinese government [Deepin Linux: Security Threat or Safe to Use?](https://linuxinsider.com/story/deepin-linux-security-threat-or-safe-to-use-86044.html).
- [Elementary OS](https://elementary.io) - Good alternative for Windows and Mac.
- [eXtern OS](https://externos.io)
- [Fedora Workstation](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation)
- [Fedora Silverblue](https://silverblue.fedoraproject.org/) - Immutable desktop operating system. Aiming at good support for container-focused workflows, this variant of Fedora Workstation targets developer communities.
- [Feren OS](https://ferenos.weebly.com)
- [Garuda Linux](https://garudalinux.org)
- [KDE Neon](https://neon.kde.org)
- [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org)
- [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
- [MX Linux](https://mxlinux.org) - Midweight Simple Stable Desktop OS.
- [Nitrux OS](https://nxos.org)
- [Pop!_OS](https://pop.system76.com)
- [Rocky Linux](https://rockylinux.org) - An open enterprise operating system.
- [Serenity](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity) - _Graphical Unix-like operating system for x86 computers._
- [Solus](https://getsol.us/home)
- [Ubunt Desktop](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org/downloads) - OS designed for privacy and security.
- [Zorin OS](https://zorinos.com) 
 
 ### Privacy and security focused Desktops
 - [PureOS](https://pureos.net/) - Privacy and security focused Debian-based dstribution.
 - [Tailes](https://tails.boum.org) - Portable operating system that protects against surveillance and censorship
 - [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org) - Edward Snowden said in a [Twitter message](https://twitter.com/Snowden/status/781493632293605376) "_If you're serious about security, [@QubesOS](https://twitter.com/QubesOS) is the best OS available today. It's what I use, and free. Nobody does VM isolation better._"
 - [Whoonix](https://www.whonix.org) - "_Software That Can Anonymize Everything You Do Online_".
 
  "_Key disclosure laws, also known as mandatory key disclosure, is legislation that requires individuals to surrender cryptographic keys to law enforcement. The purpose is to allow access to material for confiscation or digital forensics purposes and use it either as evidence in a court of law or to enforce national security interests._" [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law).
| Key discolsure laws apply | Key disclosure may apply | Key disclosure laws don't apply |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------|-------------------------------- |
| 1. Antigua and Barbuda | 1. Belgium | 1. Czech Republic |
| 2. Australia | 2. Finland | 2. Poland |
| 3. Canada | 3. New Zealand (unclear) | 3.Germany |
| 4. France | 4. Sweden (proposed) | |
| 5. India | 5. The Netherlands | |
| 6. Norway | 6. United States | |
| 7. Russia | | |
| 8. South Africa | | |
| 9. United Kingom | | |

## Educational OS'es
- [DebianEdu](https://wiki.debian.org/DebianEdu)
- [Edubuntu](https://www.edubuntu.org) - "previously known as Ubuntu Education Edition, was an official derivative of the Ubuntu operating system designed for use in classrooms inside schools, homes and communities." [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edubuntu)
- [Qimo 4 Kids](http://www.qimo4kids.com) - "a Linux distribution designed for young users from 3 years old and above. Qimo is built on the top of Xubuntu and uses the Xfce desktop environment as default."
- [Ubermix](http://www.ubermix.org) - "Built by educators with an eye towards student and teacher empowerment."

## IoT, embedded devices, tablets
- [Fedora IoT](https://getfedora.org/en/iot/)
- [LineageOS Android Distribution](https://lineageos.org) - A free and open-source operating system for various devices, based on the Android mobile platform.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com)
- [Ubuntu Touch](https://ubuntu-touch.io/get-ubuntu-touch)
  ### Mobile Operating Systems
  #### Android-based Operating Systems
  - [CalyxOS](https://calyxos.org) - CalyxOS is a custom ROM based on the Android Open Source Project with Pixel phones. It aims to be secure and private by default including a number of good choices for default applications. It also supports verified boot.
  - [GrapheneOS](https://grapheneos.org) - GrapheneOS (formerly known as CopperheadOS) is a free and open-source security- and privacy-focused mobile operating system built on top of the Android Open Source Project. It currently specifically targets devices offering strong hardware security.
  - [LineageOS](https://www.lineageos.org) - LineageOS is a custom ROM based on the Android Open Source Project with official support for a wide variety of devices. The project is the successor to the popular CyanogenMod project, focusing on system control and customization, device longevity, and privacy. For security reasons, we do not recommend third-party builds of LineageOS for unsupported devices.

## Pen-testing and security auditing
- [BlackArch](https://www.blackarch.org) - BlackArch Linux is an Arch Linux-based penetration testing distribution for penetration testers and security researchers.
- [Demon Linux](https://demonlinux.com/) - Demon Linux is a penetration testing custom Debian distribution packaged as an ISO file.
- [Kali](https://www.kali.org) - Advanced Penetration Testing Distribution.
- [Parrot](https://www.parrotsec.org) - designed for penetration testing, vulnerability assessment and mitigation, computer forensics and anonymous web browsing. 

## Router and Firewall OSes
- [BSD Router](https://bsdrp.net) - Free open source software router distribution based on embedded FreeBSD.
- [DD-WRT](https://dd-wrt.com) - DD-WRT is a Linux based alternative OpenSource firmware suitable for a great variety of WLAN routers and embedded systems.
  - [DD-WRT - Log](https://svn.dd-wrt.com/log/)
  - [DD-WRT - Timeline with changes](https://svn.dd-wrt.com/timeline)
  - Download DD-WRT - ftp://ftp.dd-wrt.com/betas/
- [FreshTomato](https://freshtomato.org/)
- [IPFire](https://www.ipfire.org) - IPFire is a hardened, versatile, state-of-the-art Open Source firewall based on Linux.
- [LibreCMC](LibreCMC) - LibreCMC is a set of fully free embedded Operating Systems for general purpose computers. The Project aims to give its users freedom and control over the software that runs on their hardware. Most of the hardware that libreCMC supports includes a wide range of routers and some small single board computers.
- [m0n0wall](https://m0n0.ch/wall/index.php) - Embedded firewall distribution of FreeBSD.
- [MikroTik](https://mikrotik.com)
  - [RouterOS Scripts](https://github.com/eworm-de/routeros-scripts)
  - [RouterOS Security Research](https://github.com/tenable/routeros) - RouterOS Security Research Tooling and Proof of Concept.
  - [winbox-mac](https://github.com/nrlquaker/winbox-mac) - MikroTik Winbox bundled into macOS app with Wine.
- [OpenWrt](https://openwrt.org) - OpenWrt is an open source project for embedded operating systems based on Linux, primarily used on embedded devices to route network traffic.
- [OPNsense](https://opnsense.org) - Open source, easy-to-use and easy-to-build HardenedBSD based firewall and routing platform. 
- [PFsense](https://www.pfsense.org) - Open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
- [Zeroshell Linux Router](https://zeroshell.org) - Routing and Bridging Firewall Solutions.

## Server OSes
- [Arch Linux](https://www.archlinux.org)
- [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) - Community Enterprise Operating System for servers, workstations and desktop. Based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
- [ClearOS Community Edition](https://www.clearos.com/clearfoundation/software/clearos-downloads) - OS for your Server, Network, and Gateway. Systems based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. [www.clearos.com](https://www.clearos.com)
  - [Clear OS Knowledge Base](https://documentation.clearos.com/index:kb)
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Server](https://getfedora.org/en/server)
- [Rockstor](http://rockstor.com) - Personal Cloud Server, SMB Cloud Server, Traditional NAS server. [Download Rocktor](https://sourceforge.net/projects/rockstor/files/)
- [Rocky Linux](https://rockylinux.org) - [github](https://github.com/rocky-linux/rocky) Rocky Linux is a community enterprise Operating System designed to be 100% bug-for-bug compatible with Enterprise Linux created in response to the effective discontinuation of CentOS [rockylinux.org](https://rockylinux.org).
- [ScientificLinux](https://scientificlinux.org) - Enterprise Linux rebuild sponsored by Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- 
  ### NAS
  - [FreeNAS OS](https://www.freenas.org)
  - [OpenMediaVault](https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault) - Based on Debian. Contains services like SSH, (S)FTP, SMB/CIFS, DAAP media server, RSync, BitTorrent client and many more. [Doc](https://docs.openmediavault.org) [Forum](https://forum.openmediavault.org) [Blog](https://blog.openmediavault.org)
  - [TrueNAS](https://www.truenas.com)
  - [XigmaNAS](https://www.xigmanas.com/index.php?id=6)

## Unix OS
- [DragonFly BSD](https://www.dragonflybsd.org)
- [Free BSD](https://www.freebsd.org)
- [Ghost BSD](https://www.ghostbsd.org) - A simple, elegant desktop BSD Operating System.
- [Hardened BSD](https://www.hardenedbsd.org)
- [Midnight BSD](https://www.midnightbsd.org)
- [Open BSD](https://www.openbsd.org)

## Virtualization
- [Citrix XenServer](https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/xenserver.html)
- [Xen XCP-ng](https://xcp-ng.org/) - Open source virtualization solution with pro support options for the most demanding companies. 


Random lisr od OSes
`
Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL, Deepin, Fedora, SLES, openSUSE, MX Linux, Manjaro, Linux Mint, Endless OS, Elementary OS, Solus, Linx, Zorin, antiX, PClinuxOS, Arch, ArcoLinux, ArchLabs, BackArch, Obarun, Artix Linux, Puppy Linux, Tails, Slax, Kali, Mageia, Slackware, Q4OS, Archman, Gentoo, Pentoo, NixOS, Ubuntu Kylin, Lubuntu, Xubuntu, Kubuntu, Ubuntu MATE, Ubuntu Budgie, Ubuntu Studio, Bluestar, OpenMandriva, ExTiX, Netrunner, ALT Linux, Nitrux, Peppermint, KDE neon, Linux Lite, Parrot OS, Qubes, Pop OS, ROSA, Void Linux, Star Linux, EndeavourOS, MakuluLinux, Voyager, Feren, ArchBang, LXLE, Knoppix, Robolinux, Calculate Linux, Clear Linux, Pure OS, Oracle Linux, Trident, Septor, Porteus, Devuan, GoboLinux, 4MLinux, Simplicity Linux, Zeroshell, Android-x86, netboot.xyz, Slitaz, SuperGrub2Disk, Proxmox VE, Kaspersky Rescue, SystemRescueCD, MemTest86, MiniTool Partition Wizard, Parted Magic, veket, Sabayon, Scientific, alpine, ClearOS, CloneZilla, Berry Linux, Trisquel, Ataraxia Linux, Minimal Linux Live, BackBox Linux, Emmabuntüs, ESET SysRescue Live,Nova Linux, AV Linux, RoboLinux, NuTyX, IPFire, SELKS, ZStack, Enso Linux, Security Onion, Network Security Toolkit, Absolute Linux, TinyCore, Springdale Linux, Frost Linux, Shark Linux, LinuxFX, Snail Linux, Astra Linux, Namib Linux, Resilient Linux, Virage Linux, Blackweb Security OS, R-DriveImage, O-O.DiskImage, Macrium, ToOpPy LINUX, GNU Guix, YunoHost, foxclone, siduction, Adelie Linux, Elive, Pardus, CDlinux, AcademiX, Austrumi, Zenwalk, Anarchy, DuZeru, BigLinux, OpenMediaVault, Ubuntu DP, Exe GNU/Linux, 3CX Phone System, KANOTIX, Grml, Karoshi, PrimTux, ArchStrike, CAELinux, Refracta, Cucumber, Fatdog, ForLEx, Hanthana, Kwort, MiniNo, Redcore, Runtu, Asianux, Clu Linux Live, Uruk, OB2D, BlueOnyx, Finnix, HamoniKR, Parabola, LinHES, LinuxConsole, BEE free, Untangle, Pearl, Thinstation, TurnKey, tuxtrans, Neptune, HefftorLinux, GeckoLinux, Mabox Linux, Zentyal, Maui, Reborn OS, SereneLinux , SkyWave Linux, Kaisen Linux, Regata OS, TROM-Jaro, DRBL Linux, Chalet OS, Chapeau, Desa OS, BlankOn, OpenMamba, Frugalware, Kibojoe Linux, Revenge OS, Tsurugi Linux, Drauger OS, Hash Linux, gNewSense, Ikki Boot, SteamOS, Hyperbola, VyOS, EasyNAS, SuperGamer, Live Raizo, Swift Linux, RebeccaBlackOS, Daphile, CRUX, Univention, Ufficio Zero, Rescuezilla, Phoenix OS, Garuda Linux, Mll, NethServer, OSGeoLive, Easy OS, Volumio, FreedomBox, paldo, UBOS, Recalbox, batocera, Lakka, LibreELEC, Pardus Topluluk, Pinguy, KolibriOS, Elastix, Arya, Omoikane, Omarine, Endian Firewall, Hamara, Rocks Cluster, MorpheusArch, Redo, Slackel, SME Server, APODIO, Smoothwall, Dragora, Linspire, Secure-K OS, Peach OSI, Photon, Plamo, SuperX, Bicom, Ploplinux, HP SPP, LliureX, Freespire, DietPi, BOSS, Webconverger, Lunar, TENS, Source Mage, RancherOS, T2, Vine, Pisi, blackPanther, mAid, Acronis, Active.Boot, AOMEI, Boot.Repair, CAINE, DaRT, EasyUEFI, R-Drive, PrimeOS, Avira Rescue System, bitdefender, Checkra1n Linux, Lenovo Diagnostics, Clover, Bliss-OS, Lenovo BIOS Update, Arcabit Rescue Disk,
`

Commit message:

aded Debian Custom ISO Scripts and Tutorial

Operating Systems.md, after:


# Operating systems

1. [A list of web resources](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#a-list-of-web-resources)
2. [BOOT / BIOS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#boot--bios)
3. [Create Your Own Custom Linux OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#create-your-own-custom-linux-os)
4. [Country Specific](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#country-specific)
5. [Desktop OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#desktop-oses)
<br >  4.1 [Most beautiful Linux Distributions 2020 (alphabetic order)](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#most-beautiful-linux-distributions-2020-alphabetic-order)
<br >  4.2 [Privacy focused OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#privacy-and-security-focused-desktops)
5. [IoT, embedded devices, tablets](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#iot-embedded-devices-tablets)
6. [Pen-testing and security auditing](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#pen-testing-and-security-auditing)
7. [Router and Firewall OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#router-and-firewall-oses)
8. [Server OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#server-oses)
<br >  8.1 [NAS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#nas)
9. [Unix OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#unix-os)
<br >
<br >

## A list of web resources
- [archiveos.org](https://archiveos.org) - Arhive of Operating Systems with Linux, BSD, DOS, Solaris and others.
- [DistroWatch.com](https://distrowatch.com)
- [Hardware for Linux Trends](https://linux-hardware.org/?view=trends)

## BOOT / BIOS
- [CoreBoot]() - Coreboot is a Free Software project aimed at replacing the proprietary BIOS (firmware) found in most computers. coreboot performs a little bit of hardware initialization and then executes additional boot logic, called a payload.

## Create Your Own Custom Linux OS
- [Cubic](https://launchpad.net/cubic)
- [Debian Custom ISO Scripts and Tutorial](https://github.com/RackunSec/debian-custom-iso-scripts) - These are scripts I made to help with the design and customization of a Debian ISO (Primarily WeakerThan Linux).
- [Linux From Scratch](http://www.linuxfromscratch.org)
- [Linux Live Kit](https://www.linux-live.org)
- [Live Magic](https://chris-lamb.co.uk/projects/live-magic)
- [Linux Respin](http://www.linuxrespin.org)
- [Ubuntu Imager](https://github.com/Distroshare/distroshare-ubuntu-imager) - Creates an installable live CD from an installed Ubuntu or derivative distribution.

## Country Specific
  ### Russian Federation
  - Rosa Linux - Certified by FSTEC (Federal Service for Technical and Export Control of Russia)
    - [Rosa Fresh](http://rosalinux.com/rosa-fresh) - Free and free system for home use.
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Desktop](http://rosalinux.com/red)
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Server](http://rosalinux.com/rels)

## Desktop OSes
- [Asahi](https://asahilinux.org) - Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux experience on Apple Silicon Macs.
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Deepin](https://www.deepin.org/en/) - based on Debian, features DDE, the Deepin Desktop Environment, built on Qt.
  - Be aware - There is conserns about analytics collected by Deepin which are sent to the Chinese government [Deepin Linux: Security Threat or Safe to Use?](https://linuxinsider.com/story/deepin-linux-security-threat-or-safe-to-use-86044.html).
- [Elementary OS](https://elementary.io) - Good alternative for Windows and Mac.
- [eXtern OS](https://externos.io)
- [Fedora Workstation](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation)
- [Fedora Silverblue](https://silverblue.fedoraproject.org/) - Immutable desktop operating system. Aiming at good support for container-focused workflows, this variant of Fedora Workstation targets developer communities.
- [Feren OS](https://ferenos.weebly.com)
- [Garuda Linux](https://garudalinux.org)
- [KDE Neon](https://neon.kde.org)
- [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org)
- [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
- [MX Linux](https://mxlinux.org) - Midweight Simple Stable Desktop OS.
- [Nitrux OS](https://nxos.org)
- [Pop!_OS](https://pop.system76.com)
- [Rocky Linux](https://rockylinux.org) - An open enterprise operating system.
- [Serenity](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity) - _Graphical Unix-like operating system for x86 computers._
- [Solus](https://getsol.us/home)
- [Ubunt Desktop](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org/downloads) - OS designed for privacy and security.
- [Zorin OS](https://zorinos.com) 
 
 ### Privacy and security focused Desktops
 - [PureOS](https://pureos.net/) - Privacy and security focused Debian-based dstribution.
 - [Tailes](https://tails.boum.org) - Portable operating system that protects against surveillance and censorship
 - [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org) - Edward Snowden said in a [Twitter message](https://twitter.com/Snowden/status/781493632293605376) "_If you're serious about security, [@QubesOS](https://twitter.com/QubesOS) is the best OS available today. It's what I use, and free. Nobody does VM isolation better._"
 - [Whoonix](https://www.whonix.org) - "_Software That Can Anonymize Everything You Do Online_".
 
  "_Key disclosure laws, also known as mandatory key disclosure, is legislation that requires individuals to surrender cryptographic keys to law enforcement. The purpose is to allow access to material for confiscation or digital forensics purposes and use it either as evidence in a court of law or to enforce national security interests._" [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law).
| Key discolsure laws apply | Key disclosure may apply | Key disclosure laws don't apply |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------|-------------------------------- |
| 1. Antigua and Barbuda | 1. Belgium | 1. Czech Republic |
| 2. Australia | 2. Finland | 2. Poland |
| 3. Canada | 3. New Zealand (unclear) | 3.Germany |
| 4. France | 4. Sweden (proposed) | |
| 5. India | 5. The Netherlands | |
| 6. Norway | 6. United States | |
| 7. Russia | | |
| 8. South Africa | | |
| 9. United Kingom | | |

## Educational OS'es
- [DebianEdu](https://wiki.debian.org/DebianEdu)
- [Edubuntu](https://www.edubuntu.org) - "previously known as Ubuntu Education Edition, was an official derivative of the Ubuntu operating system designed for use in classrooms inside schools, homes and communities." [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edubuntu)
- [Qimo 4 Kids](http://www.qimo4kids.com) - "a Linux distribution designed for young users from 3 years old and above. Qimo is built on the top of Xubuntu and uses the Xfce desktop environment as default."
- [Ubermix](http://www.ubermix.org) - "Built by educators with an eye towards student and teacher empowerment."

## IoT, embedded devices, tablets
- [Fedora IoT](https://getfedora.org/en/iot/)
- [LineageOS Android Distribution](https://lineageos.org) - A free and open-source operating system for various devices, based on the Android mobile platform.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com)
- [Ubuntu Touch](https://ubuntu-touch.io/get-ubuntu-touch)
  ### Mobile Operating Systems
  #### Android-based Operating Systems
  - [CalyxOS](https://calyxos.org) - CalyxOS is a custom ROM based on the Android Open Source Project with Pixel phones. It aims to be secure and private by default including a number of good choices for default applications. It also supports verified boot.
  - [GrapheneOS](https://grapheneos.org) - GrapheneOS (formerly known as CopperheadOS) is a free and open-source security- and privacy-focused mobile operating system built on top of the Android Open Source Project. It currently specifically targets devices offering strong hardware security.
  - [LineageOS](https://www.lineageos.org) - LineageOS is a custom ROM based on the Android Open Source Project with official support for a wide variety of devices. The project is the successor to the popular CyanogenMod project, focusing on system control and customization, device longevity, and privacy. For security reasons, we do not recommend third-party builds of LineageOS for unsupported devices.

## Pen-testing and security auditing
- [BlackArch](https://www.blackarch.org) - BlackArch Linux is an Arch Linux-based penetration testing distribution for penetration testers and security researchers.
- [Demon Linux](https://demonlinux.com/) - Demon Linux is a penetration testing custom Debian distribution packaged as an ISO file.
- [Kali](https://www.kali.org) - Advanced Penetration Testing Distribution.
- [Parrot](https://www.parrotsec.org) - designed for penetration testing, vulnerability assessment and mitigation, computer forensics and anonymous web browsing. 

## Router and Firewall OSes
- [BSD Router](https://bsdrp.net) - Free open source software router distribution based on embedded FreeBSD.
- [DD-WRT](https://dd-wrt.com) - DD-WRT is a Linux based alternative OpenSource firmware suitable for a great variety of WLAN routers and embedded systems.
  - [DD-WRT - Log](https://svn.dd-wrt.com/log/)
  - [DD-WRT - Timeline with changes](https://svn.dd-wrt.com/timeline)
  - Download DD-WRT - ftp://ftp.dd-wrt.com/betas/
- [FreshTomato](https://freshtomato.org/)
- [IPFire](https://www.ipfire.org) - IPFire is a hardened, versatile, state-of-the-art Open Source firewall based on Linux.
- [LibreCMC](LibreCMC) - LibreCMC is a set of fully free embedded Operating Systems for general purpose computers. The Project aims to give its users freedom and control over the software that runs on their hardware. Most of the hardware that libreCMC supports includes a wide range of routers and some small single board computers.
- [m0n0wall](https://m0n0.ch/wall/index.php) - Embedded firewall distribution of FreeBSD.
- [MikroTik](https://mikrotik.com)
  - [RouterOS Scripts](https://github.com/eworm-de/routeros-scripts)
  - [RouterOS Security Research](https://github.com/tenable/routeros) - RouterOS Security Research Tooling and Proof of Concept.
  - [winbox-mac](https://github.com/nrlquaker/winbox-mac) - MikroTik Winbox bundled into macOS app with Wine.
- [OpenWrt](https://openwrt.org) - OpenWrt is an open source project for embedded operating systems based on Linux, primarily used on embedded devices to route network traffic.
- [OPNsense](https://opnsense.org) - Open source, easy-to-use and easy-to-build HardenedBSD based firewall and routing platform. 
- [PFsense](https://www.pfsense.org) - Open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
- [Zeroshell Linux Router](https://zeroshell.org) - Routing and Bridging Firewall Solutions.

## Server OSes
- [Arch Linux](https://www.archlinux.org)
- [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) - Community Enterprise Operating System for servers, workstations and desktop. Based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
- [ClearOS Community Edition](https://www.clearos.com/clearfoundation/software/clearos-downloads) - OS for your Server, Network, and Gateway. Systems based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. [www.clearos.com](https://www.clearos.com)
  - [Clear OS Knowledge Base](https://documentation.clearos.com/index:kb)
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Server](https://getfedora.org/en/server)
- [Rockstor](http://rockstor.com) - Personal Cloud Server, SMB Cloud Server, Traditional NAS server. [Download Rocktor](https://sourceforge.net/projects/rockstor/files/)
- [Rocky Linux](https://rockylinux.org) - [github](https://github.com/rocky-linux/rocky) Rocky Linux is a community enterprise Operating System designed to be 100% bug-for-bug compatible with Enterprise Linux created in response to the effective discontinuation of CentOS [rockylinux.org](https://rockylinux.org).
- [ScientificLinux](https://scientificlinux.org) - Enterprise Linux rebuild sponsored by Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- 
  ### NAS
  - [FreeNAS OS](https://www.freenas.org)
  - [OpenMediaVault](https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault) - Based on Debian. Contains services like SSH, (S)FTP, SMB/CIFS, DAAP media server, RSync, BitTorrent client and many more. [Doc](https://docs.openmediavault.org) [Forum](https://forum.openmediavault.org) [Blog](https://blog.openmediavault.org)
  - [TrueNAS](https://www.truenas.com)
  - [XigmaNAS](https://www.xigmanas.com/index.php?id=6)

## Unix OS
- [DragonFly BSD](https://www.dragonflybsd.org)
- [Free BSD](https://www.freebsd.org)
- [Ghost BSD](https://www.ghostbsd.org) - A simple, elegant desktop BSD Operating System.
- [Hardened BSD](https://www.hardenedbsd.org)
- [Midnight BSD](https://www.midnightbsd.org)
- [Open BSD](https://www.openbsd.org)

## Virtualization
- [Citrix XenServer](https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/xenserver.html)
- [Xen XCP-ng](https://xcp-ng.org/) - Open source virtualization solution with pro support options for the most demanding companies. 


Random lisr od OSes
`
Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL, Deepin, Fedora, SLES, openSUSE, MX Linux, Manjaro, Linux Mint, Endless OS, Elementary OS, Solus, Linx, Zorin, antiX, PClinuxOS, Arch, ArcoLinux, ArchLabs, BackArch, Obarun, Artix Linux, Puppy Linux, Tails, Slax, Kali, Mageia, Slackware, Q4OS, Archman, Gentoo, Pentoo, NixOS, Ubuntu Kylin, Lubuntu, Xubuntu, Kubuntu, Ubuntu MATE, Ubuntu Budgie, Ubuntu Studio, Bluestar, OpenMandriva, ExTiX, Netrunner, ALT Linux, Nitrux, Peppermint, KDE neon, Linux Lite, Parrot OS, Qubes, Pop OS, ROSA, Void Linux, Star Linux, EndeavourOS, MakuluLinux, Voyager, Feren, ArchBang, LXLE, Knoppix, Robolinux, Calculate Linux, Clear Linux, Pure OS, Oracle Linux, Trident, Septor, Porteus, Devuan, GoboLinux, 4MLinux, Simplicity Linux, Zeroshell, Android-x86, netboot.xyz, Slitaz, SuperGrub2Disk, Proxmox VE, Kaspersky Rescue, SystemRescueCD, MemTest86, MiniTool Partition Wizard, Parted Magic, veket, Sabayon, Scientific, alpine, ClearOS, CloneZilla, Berry Linux, Trisquel, Ataraxia Linux, Minimal Linux Live, BackBox Linux, Emmabuntüs, ESET SysRescue Live,Nova Linux, AV Linux, RoboLinux, NuTyX, IPFire, SELKS, ZStack, Enso Linux, Security Onion, Network Security Toolkit, Absolute Linux, TinyCore, Springdale Linux, Frost Linux, Shark Linux, LinuxFX, Snail Linux, Astra Linux, Namib Linux, Resilient Linux, Virage Linux, Blackweb Security OS, R-DriveImage, O-O.DiskImage, Macrium, ToOpPy LINUX, GNU Guix, YunoHost, foxclone, siduction, Adelie Linux, Elive, Pardus, CDlinux, AcademiX, Austrumi, Zenwalk, Anarchy, DuZeru, BigLinux, OpenMediaVault, Ubuntu DP, Exe GNU/Linux, 3CX Phone System, KANOTIX, Grml, Karoshi, PrimTux, ArchStrike, CAELinux, Refracta, Cucumber, Fatdog, ForLEx, Hanthana, Kwort, MiniNo, Redcore, Runtu, Asianux, Clu Linux Live, Uruk, OB2D, BlueOnyx, Finnix, HamoniKR, Parabola, LinHES, LinuxConsole, BEE free, Untangle, Pearl, Thinstation, TurnKey, tuxtrans, Neptune, HefftorLinux, GeckoLinux, Mabox Linux, Zentyal, Maui, Reborn OS, SereneLinux , SkyWave Linux, Kaisen Linux, Regata OS, TROM-Jaro, DRBL Linux, Chalet OS, Chapeau, Desa OS, BlankOn, OpenMamba, Frugalware, Kibojoe Linux, Revenge OS, Tsurugi Linux, Drauger OS, Hash Linux, gNewSense, Ikki Boot, SteamOS, Hyperbola, VyOS, EasyNAS, SuperGamer, Live Raizo, Swift Linux, RebeccaBlackOS, Daphile, CRUX, Univention, Ufficio Zero, Rescuezilla, Phoenix OS, Garuda Linux, Mll, NethServer, OSGeoLive, Easy OS, Volumio, FreedomBox, paldo, UBOS, Recalbox, batocera, Lakka, LibreELEC, Pardus Topluluk, Pinguy, KolibriOS, Elastix, Arya, Omoikane, Omarine, Endian Firewall, Hamara, Rocks Cluster, MorpheusArch, Redo, Slackel, SME Server, APODIO, Smoothwall, Dragora, Linspire, Secure-K OS, Peach OSI, Photon, Plamo, SuperX, Bicom, Ploplinux, HP SPP, LliureX, Freespire, DietPi, BOSS, Webconverger, Lunar, TENS, Source Mage, RancherOS, T2, Vine, Pisi, blackPanther, mAid, Acronis, Active.Boot, AOMEI, Boot.Repair, CAINE, DaRT, EasyUEFI, R-Drive, PrimeOS, Avira Rescue System, bitdefender, Checkra1n Linux, Lenovo Diagnostics, Clover, Bliss-OS, Lenovo BIOS Update, Arcabit Rescue Disk,
`
