Operating Systems List.md, before:


# Operating systems

1. [A list of web resources](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#a-list-of-web-resources)
2. [Create Your Own Custom Linux OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#create-your-own-custom-linux-os)
3. [Country Specific](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#country-specific)
4. [Desktop OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#desktop-oses)
<br >  4.1 [Most beautiful Linux Distributions 2020 (alphabetic order)](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#most-beautiful-linux-distributions-2020-alphabetic-order)
<br >  4.2 [Privacy focused OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#privacy-focused-oses)
5. [IoT, embedded devices, tablets](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#iot-embedded-devices-tablets)
6. [Pen-testing and security auditing](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#pen-testing-and-security-auditing)
7. [Router and Firewall OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#router-and-firewall-oses)
8. [Server OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#server-oses)
<br >  8.1 [NAS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#nas)
<br >
<br >

## A list of web resources
- [archiveos.org](https://archiveos.org) - Arhive of Operating Systems with Linux, BSD, DOS, Solaris and others.
- [DistroWatch.com](https://distrowatch.com)

## Create Your Own Custom Linux OS
- [Cubic](https://launchpad.net/cubic)
- [Linux From Scratch](http://www.linuxfromscratch.org)
- [Linux Live Kit](https://www.linux-live.org)
- [Live Magic](https://chris-lamb.co.uk/projects/live-magic)
- [Linux Respin](http://www.linuxrespin.org)
- [Ubuntu Imager](https://github.com/Distroshare/distroshare-ubuntu-imager) - Creates an installable live CD from an installed Ubuntu or derivative distribution.

## Country Specific

## Desktop OSes
- [Asahi](https://asahilinux.org) - Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux experience on Apple Silicon Macs.
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Workstation](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation)
- [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
- [Solus](https://getsol.us/home)
- [Ubunt Desktop](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org/downloads) - Best Linux OS Designed for Maximum Security

 ### Most beautiful Linux Desktop Distributions 2020 (in alphabetic order)
  - [Deepin](https://www.deepin.org/en/) - based on Debian, features DDE, the Deepin Desktop Environment, built on Qt.
    - Be aware: There is conserns about analytics collected by Deepin which are sent to the Chinese government.
    - [Article: Deepin Linux: Security Threat or Safe to Use?](https://linuxinsider.com/story/deepin-linux-security-threat-or-safe-to-use-86044.html)
 - [Elementary OS](https://elementary.io/) - Good alternative for Windows and Mac.
 - [feren OS](https://ferenos.weebly.com)
 - [eXtern OS](https://externos.io)
 - [KDE Neon](https://neon.kde.org)
 - [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org)
 - [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
 - [Nitrux OS](https://nxos.org)
 - [Pop!_OS](https://pop.system76.com)
 - [Solus OS](https://getsol.us/home)
 - [Zorin OS](https://zorinos.com)
 
 ### Privacy focused Desktops
 - [Tailes](https://tails.boum.org) - Portable operating system that protects against surveillance and censorship
 - [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org) - Edward Snowden said in a [Twitter message](https://twitter.com/Snowden/status/781493632293605376) "_If you're serious about security, [@QubesOS](https://twitter.com/QubesOS) is the best OS available today. It's what I use, and free. Nobody does VM isolation better._"
 - [Whoonix](https://www.whonix.org) - "_Software That Can Anonymize Everything You Do Online_".
 
  "_Key disclosure laws, also known as mandatory key disclosure, is legislation that requires individuals to surrender cryptographic keys to law enforcement. The purpose is to allow access to material for confiscation or digital forensics purposes and use it either as evidence in a court of law or to enforce national security interests._" [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law).
| Key discolsure laws apply | Key disclosure may apply | Key disclosure laws don't apply |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------|-------------------------------- |
| 1. Antigua and Barbuda | 1. Belgium | 1. Czech Republic |
| 2. Australia | 2. Finland | 2. Poland |
| 3. Canada | 3. New Zealand (unclear) | 3.Germany |
| 4. France | 4. Sweden (proposed) | |
| 5. India | 5. The Netherlands | |
| 6. Norway | 6. United States | |
| 7. Russia | | |
| 8. South Africa | | |
| 9. United Kingom | | |

## IoT, embedded devices, tablets
- [Fedora IoT](https://getfedora.org/en/iot/)
- [LineageOS Android Distribution](https://lineageos.org) - A free and open-source operating system for various devices, based on the Android mobile platform.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com)
- [Ubuntu Touch](https://ubuntu-touch.io/get-ubuntu-touch)

## Pen-testing and security auditing
- [BlackArch](https://www.blackarch.org) - BlackArch Linux is an Arch Linux-based penetration testing distribution for penetration testers and security researchers.
- [Kali](https://www.kali.org) - Advanced Penetration Testing Distribution.
- [Parrot](https://www.parrotsec.org) - designed for penetration testing, vulnerability assessment and mitigation, computer forensics and anonymous web browsing. 

## Router and Firewall OSes
- [IPFire](https://www.ipfire.org) - IPFire is a hardened, versatile, state-of-the-art Open Source firewall based on Linux.
- [m0n0wall](https://m0n0.ch/wall/index.php) - _Embedded firewall distribution of FreeBSD._
- [OpenWrt](https://openwrt.org) - OpenWrt is an open source project for embedded operating systems based on Linux, primarily used on embedded devices to route network traffic.
- [OPNsense](https://opnsense.org) - Open source, easy-to-use and easy-to-build HardenedBSD based firewall and routing platform. 
- [PFsense](https://www.pfsense.org) - Open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
- [Zeroshell Linux Router](https://zeroshell.org) - Routing and Bridging Firewall Solutions.

## Server OSes
- [Arch Linux](https://www.archlinux.org)
- [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) - Community Enterprise Operating System for servers, workstations and desktop. Based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
- [ClearOS Community Edition](https://www.clearos.com/clearfoundation/software/clearos-downloads) - OS for your Server, Network, and Gateway. Systems based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. [www.clearos.com](https://www.clearos.com)
  - [Clear OS Knowledge Base](https://documentation.clearos.com/index:kb)
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Server](https://getfedora.org/en/server)
- RockStor
  - [Personal Cloud Server]()
- [ScientificLinux](https://scientificlinux.org) - Enterprise Linux rebuild sponsored by Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
  ### NAS
  - [FreeNAS OS](https://www.freenas.org)
  - [OpenMediaVault](https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault) - Based on Debian. Contains services like SSH, (S)FTP, SMB/CIFS, DAAP media server, RSync, BitTorrent client and many more. [Doc](https://docs.openmediavault.org) [Forum](https://forum.openmediavault.org) [Blog](https://blog.openmediavault.org)
  - [TrueNAS](https://www.truenas.com)

Commit message:

added 'Russian Federation' with different types of Rosa Linux

Operating Systems List.md, after:


# Operating systems

1. [A list of web resources](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#a-list-of-web-resources)
2. [Create Your Own Custom Linux OS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#create-your-own-custom-linux-os)
3. [Country Specific](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#country-specific)
4. [Desktop OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#desktop-oses)
<br >  4.1 [Most beautiful Linux Distributions 2020 (alphabetic order)](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#most-beautiful-linux-distributions-2020-alphabetic-order)
<br >  4.2 [Privacy focused OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#privacy-focused-oses)
5. [IoT, embedded devices, tablets](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#iot-embedded-devices-tablets)
6. [Pen-testing and security auditing](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#pen-testing-and-security-auditing)
7. [Router and Firewall OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#router-and-firewall-oses)
8. [Server OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#server-oses)
<br >  8.1 [NAS](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems%20List.md#nas)
<br >
<br >

## A list of web resources
- [archiveos.org](https://archiveos.org) - Arhive of Operating Systems with Linux, BSD, DOS, Solaris and others.
- [DistroWatch.com](https://distrowatch.com)

## Create Your Own Custom Linux OS
- [Cubic](https://launchpad.net/cubic)
- [Linux From Scratch](http://www.linuxfromscratch.org)
- [Linux Live Kit](https://www.linux-live.org)
- [Live Magic](https://chris-lamb.co.uk/projects/live-magic)
- [Linux Respin](http://www.linuxrespin.org)
- [Ubuntu Imager](https://github.com/Distroshare/distroshare-ubuntu-imager) - Creates an installable live CD from an installed Ubuntu or derivative distribution.

## Country Specific
  ### Russian Federation
  - Rosa Linux - Certified by FSTEC (Federal Service for Technical and Export Control of Russia)
    - [Rosa Fresh](http://rosalinux.com/rosa-fresh) - Free and free system for home use.
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Desktop](http://rosalinux.com/red)
    - [Rosa Enterprise Linux Server](http://rosalinux.com/rels)

## Desktop OSes
- [Asahi](https://asahilinux.org) - Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux experience on Apple Silicon Macs.
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Workstation](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation)
- [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
- [Solus](https://getsol.us/home)
- [Ubunt Desktop](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
- [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org/downloads) - Best Linux OS Designed for Maximum Security

 ### Most beautiful Linux Desktop Distributions 2020 (in alphabetic order)
  - [Deepin](https://www.deepin.org/en/) - based on Debian, features DDE, the Deepin Desktop Environment, built on Qt.
    - Be aware: There is conserns about analytics collected by Deepin which are sent to the Chinese government.
    - [Article: Deepin Linux: Security Threat or Safe to Use?](https://linuxinsider.com/story/deepin-linux-security-threat-or-safe-to-use-86044.html)
 - [Elementary OS](https://elementary.io/) - Good alternative for Windows and Mac.
 - [feren OS](https://ferenos.weebly.com)
 - [eXtern OS](https://externos.io)
 - [KDE Neon](https://neon.kde.org)
 - [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org)
 - [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org)
 - [Nitrux OS](https://nxos.org)
 - [Pop!_OS](https://pop.system76.com)
 - [Solus OS](https://getsol.us/home)
 - [Zorin OS](https://zorinos.com)
 
 ### Privacy focused Desktops
 - [Tailes](https://tails.boum.org) - Portable operating system that protects against surveillance and censorship
 - [Qubes OS](https://www.qubes-os.org) - Edward Snowden said in a [Twitter message](https://twitter.com/Snowden/status/781493632293605376) "_If you're serious about security, [@QubesOS](https://twitter.com/QubesOS) is the best OS available today. It's what I use, and free. Nobody does VM isolation better._"
 - [Whoonix](https://www.whonix.org) - "_Software That Can Anonymize Everything You Do Online_".
 
  "_Key disclosure laws, also known as mandatory key disclosure, is legislation that requires individuals to surrender cryptographic keys to law enforcement. The purpose is to allow access to material for confiscation or digital forensics purposes and use it either as evidence in a court of law or to enforce national security interests._" [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law).
| Key discolsure laws apply | Key disclosure may apply | Key disclosure laws don't apply |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------|-------------------------------- |
| 1. Antigua and Barbuda | 1. Belgium | 1. Czech Republic |
| 2. Australia | 2. Finland | 2. Poland |
| 3. Canada | 3. New Zealand (unclear) | 3.Germany |
| 4. France | 4. Sweden (proposed) | |
| 5. India | 5. The Netherlands | |
| 6. Norway | 6. United States | |
| 7. Russia | | |
| 8. South Africa | | |
| 9. United Kingom | | |

## IoT, embedded devices, tablets
- [Fedora IoT](https://getfedora.org/en/iot/)
- [LineageOS Android Distribution](https://lineageos.org) - A free and open-source operating system for various devices, based on the Android mobile platform.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com)
- [Ubuntu Touch](https://ubuntu-touch.io/get-ubuntu-touch)

## Pen-testing and security auditing
- [BlackArch](https://www.blackarch.org) - BlackArch Linux is an Arch Linux-based penetration testing distribution for penetration testers and security researchers.
- [Kali](https://www.kali.org) - Advanced Penetration Testing Distribution.
- [Parrot](https://www.parrotsec.org) - designed for penetration testing, vulnerability assessment and mitigation, computer forensics and anonymous web browsing. 

## Router and Firewall OSes
- [IPFire](https://www.ipfire.org) - IPFire is a hardened, versatile, state-of-the-art Open Source firewall based on Linux.
- [m0n0wall](https://m0n0.ch/wall/index.php) - _Embedded firewall distribution of FreeBSD._
- [OpenWrt](https://openwrt.org) - OpenWrt is an open source project for embedded operating systems based on Linux, primarily used on embedded devices to route network traffic.
- [OPNsense](https://opnsense.org) - Open source, easy-to-use and easy-to-build HardenedBSD based firewall and routing platform. 
- [PFsense](https://www.pfsense.org) - Open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
- [Zeroshell Linux Router](https://zeroshell.org) - Routing and Bridging Firewall Solutions.

## Server OSes
- [Arch Linux](https://www.archlinux.org)
- [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) - Community Enterprise Operating System for servers, workstations and desktop. Based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
- [ClearOS Community Edition](https://www.clearos.com/clearfoundation/software/clearos-downloads) - OS for your Server, Network, and Gateway. Systems based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. [www.clearos.com](https://www.clearos.com)
  - [Clear OS Knowledge Base](https://documentation.clearos.com/index:kb)
- [Debian](https://www.debian.org)
- [Fedora Server](https://getfedora.org/en/server)
- RockStor
  - [Personal Cloud Server]()
- [ScientificLinux](https://scientificlinux.org) - Enterprise Linux rebuild sponsored by Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.
- [Ubunt Server](https://ubuntu.com) - Cloud, servers, IoT, desktop.
  ### NAS
  - [FreeNAS OS](https://www.freenas.org)
  - [OpenMediaVault](https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault) - Based on Debian. Contains services like SSH, (S)FTP, SMB/CIFS, DAAP media server, RSync, BitTorrent client and many more. [Doc](https://docs.openmediavault.org) [Forum](https://forum.openmediavault.org) [Blog](https://blog.openmediavault.org)
  - [TrueNAS](https://www.truenas.com)
