Pen-Testing.md, before:


# Pen-Testing Tools

Note for later:

https://gbhackers.com/hacking-tools-list/

https://hackingpassion.com/how-to-use-nmap-nse-scripts-to-find-vulnerabilities/
- [OSCE PREP](https://github.com/snoopysecurity/OSCE-Prep) - A list of freely available resources that can be used as a prerequisite before taking OSCE. 
- [nuclei](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei) - Nuclei is a fast tool for configurable targeted scanning based on templates offering massive extensibility and ease of use. 
- [burpsuite](https://github.com/thehackingsage/burpsuite)
  - [Awesome Burp Extensions](https://github.com/snoopysecurity/awesome-burp-extensions) - A curated list of amazingly awesome Burp Extensions.
- [IntruderPayloads](https://github.com/1N3/IntruderPayloads) - A collection of Burpsuite Intruder payloads, BurpBounty payloads, fuzz lists, malicious file uploads and web pentesting methodologies and checklists.
- [katoolin3](https://github.com/s-h-3-l-l/katoolin3) - Automatically install all Kali linux tools.
- [NetELF](https://github.com/XiphosResearch/netelf)
- [pentest](https://github.com/jivoi/pentest)
- [SLAE32 Certification Assignments](https://www.phrozen.io/docs/linux/slae32/)

## Active Directory / Domain
- [Active Directory Exploitation Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/S1ckB0y1337/Active-Directory-Exploitation-Cheat-Sheet) - A cheat sheet that contains common enumeration and attack methods for Windows Active Directory.
- [CrackMapExec](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/CrackMapExec/wiki) - CrackMapExec (a.k.a CME) is a post-exploitation tool that helps automate assessing the security of large Active Directory networks.
- [DeathStar](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar) - Automate getting Domain Admin using Empire 
- [Empire](https://github.com/EmpireProject/Empire) - Empire is a PowerShell and Python post-exploitation agent. [www.powershellempire.com](http://www.powershellempire.com/). (no longer supported)
- [StandIn](https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/StandIn) - small AD post-compromise toolkit.
- [WinPwn](https://github.com/S3cur3Th1sSh1t/WinPwn) -  Automation for internal Windows Penetrationtest / AD-Security.

## Blue Team
- [BlueSpawn](https://github.com/ION28/BLUESPAWN) - An Active Defense and EDR software to empower Blue Teams.

## Brute Forcing
- [SecList](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists)
- [Win Brute Logon](https://github.com/DarkCoderSc/win-brute-logon) - Crack any Microsoft Windows users password without any privilege (Guest account included).
- [ZipCrack](https://github.com/henriksb/ZipCrack) -  Crack password protected zip files.

## Exploitation Tools
- [Armitage](https://github.com/rsmudge/armitage) - graphical cyber attack management tool for Metasploit that visualizes your targets, recommends exploits, and exposes the advanced capabilities of the framework. [Homepage](http://www.fastandeasyhacking.com)
- [Byob](https://github.com/malwaredllc/byob) - An open-source post-exploitation framework for students, researchers and developers. [byob.dev](https://byob.dev/)
- [CobaltStrike](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/) - Commercial, full-featured, penetration testing tool.
  - [CobaltStrike Training](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/training)
  - [Resources About Cobalt Strike](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/cobalt-strike) - Resources About Cobalt Strike. 100+ Tools And 200+ Posts.
  - [Rvrsh3ll'a BOF_Collection](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/BOF_Collection) - Various Cobalt Strike BOFs.
- [fwexpl (old)](https://github.com/Cr4sh/fwexpl) - PC firmware exploitation tool and library.
- [iBombShell](https://github.com/ElevenPaths/ibombshell) - Tool to deploy a post-exploitation prompt at any time
- [Koadic](https://github.com/zerosum0x0/koadic) - Koadic C3 COM Command & Control - JScript RAT 
- [OfficePurge](https://github.com/fireeye/OfficePurge)
- [PostEnum](https://github.com/mostaphabahadou/postenum) - Linux enumeration and privilege escalation tool. 
- [PowerSploit](https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit) - A PowerShell Post-Exploitation Framework 
- [SILENTTRINITY](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY) - An asynchronous, collaborative post-exploitation agent powered by Python and .NET's DLR 
 ### DLL
 - [Koppeling](https://github.com/monoxgas/Koppeling) - Adaptive DLL hijacking / dynamic export forwarding.

## Information Gathering
- [Autoenum](https://github.com/Gr1mmie/autoenum) - Automatic Service Enumeration Script.
- [DeviceDetector](https://github.com/matomo-org/device-detector) - The Universal Device Detection library will parse any User Agent and detect the browser, operating system, device used (desktop, tablet, mobile, tv, cars, console, etc.), brand and model [devicedetector.net](http://devicedetector.net/).
- [Nikto](https://github.com/sullo/nikto) - Web server scanner. [Documentation](https://cirt.net/nikto2-docs/)

### DNS Analysis
- [AssetFinder](https://github.com/tomnomnom/assetfinder) - Find domains and subdomains related to a given domain.
- [BlackWidow](https://github.com/1N3/BlackWidow) - A Python based web application scanner to gather OSINT and fuzz for OWASP vulnerabilities on a target website. 
- [DnsEnum]()
DNSMap, DNSRecon, DNSTracer, DNSWalk, Fierce, URLCrazy
  #### DNS Attacking
  - [JudasDNS](https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/JudasDNS) - Nameserver DNS poisoning attacks made easy.

 ### IDS/IPS Identification
- [FragRouter]()
FTest, Lbd, Wafw00f
 ### Network & Port Scanners
 - [NimScan](https://github.com/elddy/NimScan) - Really fast port scanner (With filtered option - Windows support only).
 
 ### OSINT Analysis
- [Awesome OSINT](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-osint) - A curated list of amazingly awesome OSINT.
 ### Route Analysis
 ### SMB Analysis
- [Enum4Linux]()
- [NTBScan]()
- [SmbMap]()
 ### SMTP Analysis
- [SMTP-User-Enum]()
- [Swaks]()
 ### SNMP Analysis
 ### SSL Analysis
- [MassBleed](https://github.com/1N3/MassBleed) - MassBleed SSL Vulnerability Scanner.
- [SSLDump]() - .
- [SSLh]() - .
- [SSLScan]() - .
- [SSLyze]() - .
- [TLSSled]() - .

 ### Network Tools
- [Espionage](https://github.com/josh0xA/Espionage) - A Network Packet and Traffic Interceptor For Linux. Spoof ARP & Wiretap A Network. 
- [Impacket](https://github.com/SecureAuthCorp/impacket)- [secureauth.com/labs/impacket](https://www.secureauth.com/labs/impacket/)
- [NAT Slipstreaming](https://github.com/samyk/slipstream) - NAT Slipstreaming allows an attacker to remotely access any TCP/UDP services bound to a victim machine, bypassing the victim’s NAT/firewall, just by the victim visiting a website.
- [Natty-lipstream](https://github.com/wunderwuzzi23/natty-slipstream) -  Simplified NAT Slipstream server and client.
- [NetblockTool](https://github.com/NetSPI/NetblockTool) -  Find netblocks owned by a company.
- [ShodanHat](https://github.com/HatBashBR/ShodanHat) -  search for hosts info with shodan.
- [Tunneller](https://github.com/skx/tunneller) - Allow internal services, running on localhost, to be accessed over the internet.

## Obfuscation
- [obfuscation-stuff](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/obfuscation-stuff) - Source Code Obfuscation And Binary Obfuscation, Multiple Languages And Multiple Platforms. Including 250+ Tools and 600+ Posts.

## Payload
- [PayloadsAllTheThings](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings) - A list of useful payloads and bypass for Web Application Security and Pentest/CTF 
- [pwndrop](https://github.com/kgretzky/pwndrop) - Self-deployable file hosting service for red teamers, allowing to easily upload and share payloads over HTTP and WebDAV. [breakdev.org/pwndrop](https://breakdev.org/pwndrop/)
- [SharpShooter](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/SharpShooter) - Payload Generation Framework.

## Office
- [o365-attack-toolkit](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/o365-attack-toolkit) - o365-attack-toolkit allows operators to perform an OAuth phishing attack and later on use the Microsoft Graph API to extract interesting information.

## Passwords
- [CeWL](https://github.com/digininja/CeWL/) - spiders a URL to a specified depth and searches for words that can be used for password attacks. 


## Red Team
- [CloneVault](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/CloneVault) -  allows a red team operator to export and import entries including attributes from Windows Credential Manager. 
- [FalconFriday](https://github.com/FalconForceTeam/FalconFriday) - hunting queries to detect offensive techniques.
- [herpaderping](https://github.com/jxy-s/herpaderping) - Process Herpaderping proof of concept, tool, and technical deep dive. Process Herpaderping bypasses security products by obscuring the intentions of a process. 
- [PowerExfil](https://github.com/1N3/PowerExfil) - A collection of data exfiltration scripts for Red Team assessments. 
- [RedELK](https://github.com/outflanknl/RedELK) - Red Team's SIEM - tool for Red Teams used for tracking and alarming about Blue Team activities as well as better usability in long term operations.
- [WSB-Detect](https://github.com/LloydLabs/wsb-detect) - Enables you to detect if you are running in Windows Sandbox ("WSB").
 ### Vulnerability Scanning
- [vulscan - Vulnerability Scanning with Nmap](https://github.com/scipag/vulscan) - Advanced vulnerability scanning with Nmap NSE 
  - [nmap_vulners](https://github.com/vulnersCom/nmap-vulners) -  NSE script based on Vulners.com API 

## Resources
- [D00MFist's CTF Notes](https://github.com/D00MFist/security) - collection of notes picked up doing numerous CTFs.
- [GoVanguards list-infosec-encyclopedia](https://github.com/GoVanguard/list-infosec-encyclopedia) - A list of information security related awesome lists and other resources. 
- [offsec_pdfs](https://github.com/jivoi/offsec_pdfs)
- [pentest-bookmarks](https://github.com/jhaddix/pentest-bookmarks/blob/master/wiki/BookmarksList.wiki) - collection of handy bookmarks.

## Script Collections
- [killswitch-GUI PenTesting Scripts](https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/PenTesting-Scripts) - Collection
- [PowerShell-Suite](https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/PowerShell-Suite) - tools and resources.

## Techniques and Tactics resources
- [MITRE ATT&CK®](https://attack.mitre.org/) - Globally-accessible knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real-world observations. Git: https://github.com/mitre-attack
- [ThreatHunter-Playbook](https://github.com/OTRF/ThreatHunter-Playbook) - A Threat hunter's playbook to aid the development of techniques and hypothesis for hunting campaigns. 

## Vulnerability Analysis
- [Legion](https://github.com/GoVanguard/legion/) - Open source, easy-to-use, super-extensible and semi-automated network penetration testing tool that aids in discovery, reconnaissance and exploitation of information systems. 
- [Lynis](https://github.com/CISOfy/Lynis) - Security auditing tool for Linux, macOS, and UNIX-based systems. Assists with compliance testing (HIPAA/ISO27001/PCI DSS) and system hardening. Agentless, and installation optional. 
- [Nikto](https://github.com/sullo/nikto) - Nikto web server scanner.
- [Nmap](https://github.com/nmap/nmap) - Network Mapper. Github mirror of official SVN repository. 
- [Sn1per](https://github.com/1N3/Sn1per) - Automated pentest framework for offensive security experts.
- [Unix-Privesc-Check](http://pentestmonkey.net/tools/audit/unix-privesc-check)
  ### Privelegies
  - [PYTMIPE & TMIPE](https://github.com/quentinhardy/pytmipe) - Python library and client for token manipulations and impersonations for privilege escalation on Windows 

## Web Application Analysis
 ### CMS & Framwork Identification
 ### Web Application Proxies
 ### Web Crawlers & Directory Brutefroce
 ### Web Vulnerability Scanners
 - [LinkFinder](https://github.com/GerbenJavado/LinkFinder) - A python script that finds endpoints in JavaScript files.

## Wireless Attacks
- [PRISM-AP](https://github.com/1N3/PRISM-AP) - An automated Wireless RogueAP MITM attack framework. 
- [Wi-PWN](https://github.com/samdenty/Wi-PWN) - ESP8266 Deauther with a material design WebUI.

Commit message:

added Overthewire's Wargames, pwnable.kr, 0xf.at, hacking-lab.com,

Pen-Testing.md, after:


# Pen-Testing Tools

Note for later:

https://gbhackers.com/hacking-tools-list/

https://hackingpassion.com/how-to-use-nmap-nse-scripts-to-find-vulnerabilities/
- [OSCE PREP](https://github.com/snoopysecurity/OSCE-Prep) - A list of freely available resources that can be used as a prerequisite before taking OSCE. 
- [nuclei](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei) - Nuclei is a fast tool for configurable targeted scanning based on templates offering massive extensibility and ease of use. 
- [burpsuite](https://github.com/thehackingsage/burpsuite)
  - [Awesome Burp Extensions](https://github.com/snoopysecurity/awesome-burp-extensions) - A curated list of amazingly awesome Burp Extensions.
- [IntruderPayloads](https://github.com/1N3/IntruderPayloads) - A collection of Burpsuite Intruder payloads, BurpBounty payloads, fuzz lists, malicious file uploads and web pentesting methodologies and checklists.
- [katoolin3](https://github.com/s-h-3-l-l/katoolin3) - Automatically install all Kali linux tools.
- [NetELF](https://github.com/XiphosResearch/netelf)
- [pentest](https://github.com/jivoi/pentest)
- [SLAE32 Certification Assignments](https://www.phrozen.io/docs/linux/slae32/)

## Active Directory / Domain
- [Active Directory Exploitation Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/S1ckB0y1337/Active-Directory-Exploitation-Cheat-Sheet) - A cheat sheet that contains common enumeration and attack methods for Windows Active Directory.
- [CrackMapExec](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/CrackMapExec/wiki) - CrackMapExec (a.k.a CME) is a post-exploitation tool that helps automate assessing the security of large Active Directory networks.
- [DeathStar](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar) - Automate getting Domain Admin using Empire 
- [Empire](https://github.com/EmpireProject/Empire) - Empire is a PowerShell and Python post-exploitation agent. [www.powershellempire.com](http://www.powershellempire.com/). (no longer supported)
- [StandIn](https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/StandIn) - small AD post-compromise toolkit.
- [WinPwn](https://github.com/S3cur3Th1sSh1t/WinPwn) -  Automation for internal Windows Penetrationtest / AD-Security.

## Blue Team
- [BlueSpawn](https://github.com/ION28/BLUESPAWN) - An Active Defense and EDR software to empower Blue Teams.

## Brute Forcing
- [SecList](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists)
- [Win Brute Logon](https://github.com/DarkCoderSc/win-brute-logon) - Crack any Microsoft Windows users password without any privilege (Guest account included).
- [ZipCrack](https://github.com/henriksb/ZipCrack) -  Crack password protected zip files.

## Exploitation Tools
- [Armitage](https://github.com/rsmudge/armitage) - graphical cyber attack management tool for Metasploit that visualizes your targets, recommends exploits, and exposes the advanced capabilities of the framework. [Homepage](http://www.fastandeasyhacking.com)
- [Byob](https://github.com/malwaredllc/byob) - An open-source post-exploitation framework for students, researchers and developers. [byob.dev](https://byob.dev/)
- [CobaltStrike](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/) - Commercial, full-featured, penetration testing tool.
  - [CobaltStrike Training](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/training)
  - [Resources About Cobalt Strike](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/cobalt-strike) - Resources About Cobalt Strike. 100+ Tools And 200+ Posts.
  - [Rvrsh3ll'a BOF_Collection](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/BOF_Collection) - Various Cobalt Strike BOFs.
- [fwexpl (old)](https://github.com/Cr4sh/fwexpl) - PC firmware exploitation tool and library.
- [iBombShell](https://github.com/ElevenPaths/ibombshell) - Tool to deploy a post-exploitation prompt at any time
- [Koadic](https://github.com/zerosum0x0/koadic) - Koadic C3 COM Command & Control - JScript RAT 
- [OfficePurge](https://github.com/fireeye/OfficePurge)
- [PostEnum](https://github.com/mostaphabahadou/postenum) - Linux enumeration and privilege escalation tool. 
- [PowerSploit](https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit) - A PowerShell Post-Exploitation Framework 
- [SILENTTRINITY](https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY) - An asynchronous, collaborative post-exploitation agent powered by Python and .NET's DLR 
 ### DLL
 - [Koppeling](https://github.com/monoxgas/Koppeling) - Adaptive DLL hijacking / dynamic export forwarding.

## Information Gathering
- [Autoenum](https://github.com/Gr1mmie/autoenum) - Automatic Service Enumeration Script.
- [DeviceDetector](https://github.com/matomo-org/device-detector) - The Universal Device Detection library will parse any User Agent and detect the browser, operating system, device used (desktop, tablet, mobile, tv, cars, console, etc.), brand and model [devicedetector.net](http://devicedetector.net/).
- [Nikto](https://github.com/sullo/nikto) - Web server scanner. [Documentation](https://cirt.net/nikto2-docs/)

### DNS Analysis
- [AssetFinder](https://github.com/tomnomnom/assetfinder) - Find domains and subdomains related to a given domain.
- [BlackWidow](https://github.com/1N3/BlackWidow) - A Python based web application scanner to gather OSINT and fuzz for OWASP vulnerabilities on a target website. 
- [DnsEnum]()
DNSMap, DNSRecon, DNSTracer, DNSWalk, Fierce, URLCrazy
  #### DNS Attacking
  - [JudasDNS](https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/JudasDNS) - Nameserver DNS poisoning attacks made easy.

 ### IDS/IPS Identification
- [FragRouter]()
FTest, Lbd, Wafw00f
 ### Network & Port Scanners
 - [NimScan](https://github.com/elddy/NimScan) - Really fast port scanner (With filtered option - Windows support only).
 
 ### OSINT Analysis
- [Awesome OSINT](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-osint) - A curated list of amazingly awesome OSINT.
 ### Route Analysis
 ### SMB Analysis
- [Enum4Linux]()
- [NTBScan]()
- [SmbMap]()
 ### SMTP Analysis
- [SMTP-User-Enum]()
- [Swaks]()
 ### SNMP Analysis
 ### SSL Analysis
- [MassBleed](https://github.com/1N3/MassBleed) - MassBleed SSL Vulnerability Scanner.
- [SSLDump]() - .
- [SSLh]() - .
- [SSLScan]() - .
- [SSLyze]() - .
- [TLSSled]() - .

 ### Network Tools
- [Espionage](https://github.com/josh0xA/Espionage) - A Network Packet and Traffic Interceptor For Linux. Spoof ARP & Wiretap A Network. 
- [Impacket](https://github.com/SecureAuthCorp/impacket)- [secureauth.com/labs/impacket](https://www.secureauth.com/labs/impacket/)
- [NAT Slipstreaming](https://github.com/samyk/slipstream) - NAT Slipstreaming allows an attacker to remotely access any TCP/UDP services bound to a victim machine, bypassing the victim’s NAT/firewall, just by the victim visiting a website.
- [Natty-lipstream](https://github.com/wunderwuzzi23/natty-slipstream) -  Simplified NAT Slipstream server and client.
- [NetblockTool](https://github.com/NetSPI/NetblockTool) -  Find netblocks owned by a company.
- [ShodanHat](https://github.com/HatBashBR/ShodanHat) -  search for hosts info with shodan.
- [Tunneller](https://github.com/skx/tunneller) - Allow internal services, running on localhost, to be accessed over the internet.

## Obfuscation
- [obfuscation-stuff](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/obfuscation-stuff) - Source Code Obfuscation And Binary Obfuscation, Multiple Languages And Multiple Platforms. Including 250+ Tools and 600+ Posts.

## Payload
- [PayloadsAllTheThings](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings) - A list of useful payloads and bypass for Web Application Security and Pentest/CTF 
- [pwndrop](https://github.com/kgretzky/pwndrop) - Self-deployable file hosting service for red teamers, allowing to easily upload and share payloads over HTTP and WebDAV. [breakdev.org/pwndrop](https://breakdev.org/pwndrop/)
- [SharpShooter](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/SharpShooter) - Payload Generation Framework.

## Office
- [o365-attack-toolkit](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/o365-attack-toolkit) - o365-attack-toolkit allows operators to perform an OAuth phishing attack and later on use the Microsoft Graph API to extract interesting information.

## Passwords
- [CeWL](https://github.com/digininja/CeWL/) - spiders a URL to a specified depth and searches for words that can be used for password attacks. 


## Red Team
- [CloneVault](https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/CloneVault) -  allows a red team operator to export and import entries including attributes from Windows Credential Manager. 
- [FalconFriday](https://github.com/FalconForceTeam/FalconFriday) - hunting queries to detect offensive techniques.
- [herpaderping](https://github.com/jxy-s/herpaderping) - Process Herpaderping proof of concept, tool, and technical deep dive. Process Herpaderping bypasses security products by obscuring the intentions of a process. 
- [PowerExfil](https://github.com/1N3/PowerExfil) - A collection of data exfiltration scripts for Red Team assessments. 
- [RedELK](https://github.com/outflanknl/RedELK) - Red Team's SIEM - tool for Red Teams used for tracking and alarming about Blue Team activities as well as better usability in long term operations.
- [WSB-Detect](https://github.com/LloydLabs/wsb-detect) - Enables you to detect if you are running in Windows Sandbox ("WSB").
 ### Vulnerability Scanning
- [vulscan - Vulnerability Scanning with Nmap](https://github.com/scipag/vulscan) - Advanced vulnerability scanning with Nmap NSE 
  - [nmap_vulners](https://github.com/vulnersCom/nmap-vulners) -  NSE script based on Vulners.com API 

## Resources
- [D00MFist's CTF Notes](https://github.com/D00MFist/security) - collection of notes picked up doing numerous CTFs.
- [GoVanguards list-infosec-encyclopedia](https://github.com/GoVanguard/list-infosec-encyclopedia) - A list of information security related awesome lists and other resources. 
- [offsec_pdfs](https://github.com/jivoi/offsec_pdfs)
- [pentest-bookmarks](https://github.com/jhaddix/pentest-bookmarks/blob/master/wiki/BookmarksList.wiki) - collection of handy bookmarks.

## Script Collections
- [killswitch-GUI PenTesting Scripts](https://github.com/killswitch-GUI/PenTesting-Scripts) - Collection
- [PowerShell-Suite](https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/PowerShell-Suite) - tools and resources.

## Techniques and Tactics resources
- [MITRE ATT&CK®](https://attack.mitre.org/) - Globally-accessible knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real-world observations. Git: https://github.com/mitre-attack
- [ThreatHunter-Playbook](https://github.com/OTRF/ThreatHunter-Playbook) - A Threat hunter's playbook to aid the development of techniques and hypothesis for hunting campaigns. 

## Vulnerability Analysis
- [Legion](https://github.com/GoVanguard/legion/) - Open source, easy-to-use, super-extensible and semi-automated network penetration testing tool that aids in discovery, reconnaissance and exploitation of information systems. 
- [Lynis](https://github.com/CISOfy/Lynis) - Security auditing tool for Linux, macOS, and UNIX-based systems. Assists with compliance testing (HIPAA/ISO27001/PCI DSS) and system hardening. Agentless, and installation optional. 
- [Nikto](https://github.com/sullo/nikto) - Nikto web server scanner.
- [Nmap](https://github.com/nmap/nmap) - Network Mapper. Github mirror of official SVN repository. 
- [Sn1per](https://github.com/1N3/Sn1per) - Automated pentest framework for offensive security experts.
- [Unix-Privesc-Check](http://pentestmonkey.net/tools/audit/unix-privesc-check)
  ### Privelegies
  - [PYTMIPE & TMIPE](https://github.com/quentinhardy/pytmipe) - Python library and client for token manipulations and impersonations for privilege escalation on Windows 

## Wargames
- [0xf.at](https://www.0xf.at/) - 0xf.at (or oxfat it you prefer) is a website without logins or ads where you can solve password-riddles (so called hackits).
- [hacking-lab.com](https://hacking-lab.com/index.html)
- [Overthewire's Wargames](https://overthewire.org/wargames/) - wargames offered by the OverTheWire community can help you to learn and practice security concepts in the form of fun-filled games.
- [pwnable.kr](https://pwnable.kr/)

## Web Application Analysis
 ### CMS & Framwork Identification
 ### Web Application Proxies
 ### Web Crawlers & Directory Brutefroce
 ### Web Vulnerability Scanners
 - [LinkFinder](https://github.com/GerbenJavado/LinkFinder) - A python script that finds endpoints in JavaScript files.

## Wireless Attacks
- [PRISM-AP](https://github.com/1N3/PRISM-AP) - An automated Wireless RogueAP MITM attack framework. 
- [Wi-PWN](https://github.com/samdenty/Wi-PWN) - ESP8266 Deauther with a material design WebUI.
