Phone.md, before:

# Mobile

- [Appium](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop) - Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. [appium.io](https://appium.io)

## Android
- Adjust LTE/CDMA/EvDo/GSM/WCDMA? then dial this number: `*#*#4636#*#*`
- [privacyguides.org/en/android/](https://www.privacyguides.org/en/android/)
- [Anbox](https://github.com/anbox/anbox) - Anbox is a container-based approach to boot a full Android system on a regular GNU/Linux system.
  - [Anbox docs](https://github.com/anbox/docs)
  - [Anbox kernel modules](https://github.com/anbox/anbox-modules)
  - [How to Run Android Apps on Ubuntu Linux with Anbox](https://www.maketecheasier.com/run-android-apps-on-ubuntu/)
- [AVD (Android Virtual Device)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)
- [IPV Spyware Discovery (ISDi) Tool](https://github.com/stopipv/isdi) - ISDi (IPV Spyware Discovery) tool for Android and iOS.
- [Linuxdeploy](https://github.com/meefik/linuxdeploy) - Install and run GNU/Linux on Android
- [NoxPlayer](https://www.bignox.com/) - Free Android emulator for Windows and MacOS.
- [OsmAnd - Offline mobile maps & navigation](https://osmand.net/) - OsmAnd - OpenStreetMap Automated Navigation Directions is a map and navigation app for Android and iOS.
- [SCRCpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) - Display and control your Android device.

### [Android OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#android-based)

### Phone apps
- App store
  - [Accrescent](https://github.com/accrescent/accrescent) - A novel Android app store focused on security, privacy, and usability 
  - [Aurora Store](https://aurorastore.org) - [https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore](https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore) -Aurora Store is a free and fantastic Google Play Store alternative where you can download apps, update the apps you already have, receive details about in-app trackers, hide your location, search for apps and do so much more.
  - [https://f-droid.org](https://f-droid.org/) - F-Droid is an installable catalogue of FOSS (Free and Open Source Software) applications for the Android platform. The client makes it easy to browse, install, and keep track of updates on your device.
- [NewPipe](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe) - A libre lightweight streaming front-end for Android. 

## iOS
- [Cydia Impactor](https://cydiaimpactor.biz/download/) https://cydiaimpactor.online/cydia-impactor-alternative/ - application that can sideload any IPA file through a Windows, Mac or Linux PC to any kind of iDevice. 
- [HorizonCalendar](https://github.com/airbnb/HorizonCalendar) - A declarative, performant, iOS calendar UI component that supports use cases ranging from simple date pickers all the way up to fully-featured calendar apps.
### Anonymity
- [Onion Browser](https://onionbrowser.com/) -  Secure, anonymous web with Tor 
### Privacy
- [Guardian](https://guardianapp.com/)

## Security
- [GSMK CryptoPhone](https://www.cryptophone.de/)

Commit message:

f-droid.org/packages/net.typeblog.shelter/

Phone.md, after:

# Mobile

- [Appium](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop) - Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. [appium.io](https://appium.io)

## Android
- Adjust LTE/CDMA/EvDo/GSM/WCDMA? then dial this number: `*#*#4636#*#*`
- [privacyguides.org/en/android/](https://www.privacyguides.org/en/android/)
- [Anbox](https://github.com/anbox/anbox) - Anbox is a container-based approach to boot a full Android system on a regular GNU/Linux system.
  - [Anbox docs](https://github.com/anbox/docs)
  - [Anbox kernel modules](https://github.com/anbox/anbox-modules)
  - [How to Run Android Apps on Ubuntu Linux with Anbox](https://www.maketecheasier.com/run-android-apps-on-ubuntu/)
- [AVD (Android Virtual Device)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)
- [IPV Spyware Discovery (ISDi) Tool](https://github.com/stopipv/isdi) - ISDi (IPV Spyware Discovery) tool for Android and iOS.
- [Linuxdeploy](https://github.com/meefik/linuxdeploy) - Install and run GNU/Linux on Android
- [NoxPlayer](https://www.bignox.com/) - Free Android emulator for Windows and MacOS.
- [OsmAnd - Offline mobile maps & navigation](https://osmand.net/) - OsmAnd - OpenStreetMap Automated Navigation Directions is a map and navigation app for Android and iOS.
- [SCRCpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) - Display and control your Android device.

### [Android OSes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/Awesome/blob/master/Operating%20Systems.md#android-based)
### Phone apps
- App store
  - [Accrescent](https://github.com/accrescent/accrescent) - A novel Android app store focused on security, privacy, and usability 
  - [Aurora Store](https://aurorastore.org) - [https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore](https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore) -Aurora Store is a free and fantastic Google Play Store alternative where you can download apps, update the apps you already have, receive details about in-app trackers, hide your location, search for apps and do so much more.
  - [https://f-droid.org](https://f-droid.org/) - F-Droid is an installable catalogue of FOSS (Free and Open Source Software) applications for the Android platform. The client makes it easy to browse, install, and keep track of updates on your device.
- [NewPipe](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe) - A libre lightweight streaming front-end for Android.
- [Shelter](https://gitea.angry.im/PeterCxy/Shelter) - Shelter is a Free and Open-Source (FOSS) app that leverages the "Work Profile" feature of Android to provide an isolated space that you can install or clone apps into. [f-droid.org/packages/net.typeblog.shelter/](https://f-droid.org/packages/net.typeblog.shelter/)

## iOS
- [Cydia Impactor](https://cydiaimpactor.biz/download/) https://cydiaimpactor.online/cydia-impactor-alternative/ - application that can sideload any IPA file through a Windows, Mac or Linux PC to any kind of iDevice. 
- [HorizonCalendar](https://github.com/airbnb/HorizonCalendar) - A declarative, performant, iOS calendar UI component that supports use cases ranging from simple date pickers all the way up to fully-featured calendar apps.
### Anonymity
- [Onion Browser](https://onionbrowser.com/) -  Secure, anonymous web with Tor 
### Privacy
- [Guardian](https://guardianapp.com/)

## Security
- [GSMK CryptoPhone](https://www.cryptophone.de/)
