Raspberry Pi.md, before:

# Raspberry Pi

- [Raspberry Pi Alternatives](https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-alternatives/)

## Ad-block
- [Blocky](https://github.com/0xERR0R/blocky) - DNS proxy as ad-blocker for local network.
- [PiHole](https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole) - A black hole for Internet advertisements.
  - [Docker Pi-hole](https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole) -  Pi-hole in a docker container.
- [AdGuard](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardHome) - Network-wide ads & trackers blocking DNS server.

## Magic Mirror
- [MMM-AlexaControl](https://github.com/JoChef2/MMM-AlexaControl) -  Control your MagicMirror with Alexa.
- [MMM-BackgroundSlideshow](https://github.com/darickc/MMM-BackgroundSlideshow) - Show a slideshow of images in the background. Great for a photo frame from instead of a mirror.
- [MMM-CalendarWeek](https://github.com/heskja/MMM-CalendarWeek) - Alternative calendar module for MagicMirror.
- [MMM-ImageSlideshow](https://github.com/AdamMoses-GitHub/MMM-ImageSlideshow) -  Displays images one-at-a-time from local folders.
- [MMM-network-signal](https://github.com/PoOwAa/MMM-network-signal) -  Display a solid wifi logo as network signal for MagicMirror2.
- [MMM-page-indicator](https://github.com/edward-shen/MMM-page-indicator) -  MagicMirror² module to display what page you're on.
- [MMM-Page-Selector](https://github.com/Veldrovive/MMM-Page-Selector) - An easy way to set up and move between pages on a MagicMirror².
- [MMM-SmartWebDisplay](https://github.com/AgP42/MMM-SmartWebDisplay) - The `MMM-SmartWebDisplay` module is for MagicMirror². It allow to display any web content to your MagicMirror.
- [MMM-SystemStats](https://github.com/BenRoe/MMM-SystemStats) - A module for the MagicMirror, to display system stats (cpu tmp, free ram, cpu load).
- [MMM-Voice-Commands](https://github.com/Veldrovive/MMM-Voice-Commands) - A simple voice command module for MagicMirror² that is highly configurable.
- [MMM-YouTube](https://github.com/Anonym-tsk/MMM-YouTube) - MagicMirror module for youtube player with runtime configuration and controllable by notification.

## Operatingsystems
- [Alpine Linux](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi)
- [Chromium OS](https://github.com/FydeOS/chromium_os-raspberry_pi)
- [Home Assistant Operating System](https://github.com/home-assistant/operating-system)
- [IchigoJam BASIC](https://ichigojam.github.io/RPi)
- [Kali Linux](https://www.kali.org/docs/arm/raspberry-pi-full-encryption)
- [LibreELEC](https://libreelec.tv/) - A Kodi Entertainment Center distribution
- [Minibian](https://minibianpi.wordpress.com/)
- [Noobs](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/)
- [OpenMediaVault](https://www.openmediavault.org)
- [OSMC](https://osmc.tv/) - free and open source media center
- [PiNet](http://pinet.org.uk/)
- [Raspberry Pi OS](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspberry-pi-os/) - (previously called Raspbian)
- [Risc OS](https://www.riscosopen.org/content/downloads/raspberry-pi)
- [SUSE Linux Enterprise Server for ARM](https://www.suse.com/products/arm)
- [TwisterOS](https://twisteros.com)
- [Ubuntu Core](https://ubuntu.com/download/raspberry-pi-core)
- [Ubuntu Mate](https://ubuntu-mate.org/ports/raspberry-pi)
- [Ubuntu Server](https://ubuntu.com/download/raspberry-pi)
- [Weather Station](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/weather_station/images/weather_station-2018-01-14)
- [WebThings Gateway](https://iot.mozilla.org/gateway/) - An open platform for monitoring and controlling devices over the web.
- [Windows IoT Core](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10iotcore)

## OS for gaming
- [Batocera.linux](https://github.com/batocera-linux/batocera.linux) - [www.batocera.org](https://batocera.org)
- [Lakka](https://github.com/libretro/Lakka-LibreELEC) - Lakka is a lightweight Linux distribution that transforms a small computer into a full blown retrogaming console [lakka.tv](http://www.lakka.tv).
- [Retro Arch](https://github.com/libretro/RetroArch) - RetroArch is a frontend for emulators, game engines and media players [www.retroarch.com](https://www.retroarch.com).
- [RetroPie](https://retropie.org.uk/) - RetroPie allows you to turn your Raspberry Pi, ODroid C1/C2, or PC into a retro-gaming machine [RetroPie-Setup](https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup).

Commit message:

added Linux Weather Station Tutorial/inspo, WeeWX and WX Forum

Raspberry Pi.md, after:

# Raspberry Pi

- [Raspberry Pi Alternatives](https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-alternatives/)

## Ad-block software
- [Blocky](https://github.com/0xERR0R/blocky) - DNS proxy as ad-blocker for local network.
- [PiHole](https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole) - A black hole for Internet advertisements.
  - [Docker Pi-hole](https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole) -  Pi-hole in a docker container.
- [AdGuard](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardHome) - Network-wide ads & trackers blocking DNS server.

## Magic Mirror repos
- [MMM-AlexaControl](https://github.com/JoChef2/MMM-AlexaControl) -  Control your MagicMirror with Alexa.
- [MMM-BackgroundSlideshow](https://github.com/darickc/MMM-BackgroundSlideshow) - Show a slideshow of images in the background. Great for a photo frame from instead of a mirror.
- [MMM-CalendarWeek](https://github.com/heskja/MMM-CalendarWeek) - Alternative calendar module for MagicMirror.
- [MMM-ImageSlideshow](https://github.com/AdamMoses-GitHub/MMM-ImageSlideshow) -  Displays images one-at-a-time from local folders.
- [MMM-network-signal](https://github.com/PoOwAa/MMM-network-signal) -  Display a solid wifi logo as network signal for MagicMirror2.
- [MMM-page-indicator](https://github.com/edward-shen/MMM-page-indicator) -  MagicMirror² module to display what page you're on.
- [MMM-Page-Selector](https://github.com/Veldrovive/MMM-Page-Selector) - An easy way to set up and move between pages on a MagicMirror².
- [MMM-SmartWebDisplay](https://github.com/AgP42/MMM-SmartWebDisplay) - The `MMM-SmartWebDisplay` module is for MagicMirror². It allow to display any web content to your MagicMirror.
- [MMM-SystemStats](https://github.com/BenRoe/MMM-SystemStats) - A module for the MagicMirror, to display system stats (cpu tmp, free ram, cpu load).
- [MMM-Voice-Commands](https://github.com/Veldrovive/MMM-Voice-Commands) - A simple voice command module for MagicMirror² that is highly configurable.
- [MMM-YouTube](https://github.com/Anonym-tsk/MMM-YouTube) - MagicMirror module for youtube player with runtime configuration and controllable by notification.

## Different Operatingsystems to run on Raspberry
- [Alpine Linux](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi)
- [Chromium OS](https://github.com/FydeOS/chromium_os-raspberry_pi)
- [Home Assistant Operating System](https://github.com/home-assistant/operating-system)
- [IchigoJam BASIC](https://ichigojam.github.io/RPi)
- [Kali Linux](https://www.kali.org/docs/arm/raspberry-pi-full-encryption)
- [LibreELEC](https://libreelec.tv/) - A Kodi Entertainment Center distribution
- [Minibian](https://minibianpi.wordpress.com/)
- [Noobs](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/)
- [OpenMediaVault](https://www.openmediavault.org)
- [OSMC](https://osmc.tv/) - free and open source media center
- [PiNet](http://pinet.org.uk/)
- [Raspberry Pi OS](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspberry-pi-os/) - (previously called Raspbian)
- [Risc OS](https://www.riscosopen.org/content/downloads/raspberry-pi)
- [SUSE Linux Enterprise Server for ARM](https://www.suse.com/products/arm)
- [TwisterOS](https://twisteros.com)
- [Ubuntu Core](https://ubuntu.com/download/raspberry-pi-core)
- [Ubuntu Mate](https://ubuntu-mate.org/ports/raspberry-pi)
- [Ubuntu Server](https://ubuntu.com/download/raspberry-pi)
- [Weather Station](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/weather_station/images/weather_station-2018-01-14)
- [WebThings Gateway](https://iot.mozilla.org/gateway/) - An open platform for monitoring and controlling devices over the web.
- [Windows IoT Core](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10iotcore)

### Operatingsystems for gaming
- [Batocera.linux](https://github.com/batocera-linux/batocera.linux) - [www.batocera.org](https://batocera.org)
- [Lakka](https://github.com/libretro/Lakka-LibreELEC) - Lakka is a lightweight Linux distribution that transforms a small computer into a full blown retrogaming console [lakka.tv](http://www.lakka.tv).
- [Retro Arch](https://github.com/libretro/RetroArch) - RetroArch is a frontend for emulators, game engines and media players [www.retroarch.com](https://www.retroarch.com).
- [RetroPie](https://retropie.org.uk/) - RetroPie allows you to turn your Raspberry Pi, ODroid C1/C2, or PC into a retro-gaming machine [RetroPie-Setup](https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup).

## Projects
### Weather Station
- [Linux Weather Station Tutorial/inspo](https://www.landoflinux.com/linux_raspberry_pi_weather_station.html) - how to set up a Weather Station and a Raspberry Pi.
  - [WeeWX](http://weewx.com) - free, open source, software program, written in Python, which interacts with your weather station to produce graphs, reports, and HTML pages.
  - [WX Forum](https://www.wxforum.net/)
