README.md, before:

# Awesome


_Freely accessing knowledge is an essential human right. Knowledge is the foundation for human potential, freedom and opportunity and everyone should have access to knowledge for free, without any restriction or limitation._ - [linuxbabe.com](https://www.linuxbabe.com/)

Various resources, personal notes etc. I find interesting.

- https://github.com/D00MFist/security
- https://github.com/AryToNeX/Glasscord
- https://www.findbestopensource.com/projects


## A List of 'Awesome' entitled projects
- [Awesome Azure Security](https://github.com/kmcquade/awesome-azure-security) - A curated list of awesome Microsoft Azure Security tools, guides, blogs, and other resources.
- [Awesome CLI](https://github.com/umutphp/awesome-cli) - A simple command line tool to give you a fancy command line interface to dive into Awesome lists.
- [Awesome cve poc](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-cve-poc) - A curated list of CVE PoCs.
- [Awesome Cyber Security](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/awesome-cyber-security) - Currently contains 8000+ open source repositories, and not very well classified. 
- [Awesome Design](https://github.com/gztchan/awesome-design) - Curated design resources.
- [Awesome DevSecOps](https://github.com/devsecops/awesome-devsecops) - An authoritative list of awesome devsecops tools with the help from community experiments and contributions.
- [Awesome Hacking Resources](https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources) - A collection of hacking / penetration testing resources to make you better.
- [Awesome Humane Tech](https://github.com/humanetech-community/awesome-humane-tech)
- [Awesome Indexed](https://awesome-indexed.mathew-davies.co.uk/)
- [Awesome Learning Resources](https://github.com/lauragift21/awesome-learning-resources) - Awesome list of resources on Web Development.
- [Awesome List](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) - Awesome lists about all kinds of interesting topics 
- [Awesome Machine-learning-interpretability](https://github.com/jphall663/awesome-machine-learning-interpretability)
- [Awesome Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-ml-for-cybersecurity) - Machine Learning for Cyber Security.
- [Awesome Open Source](https://awesomeopensource.com) - Find Open Source By Searching, Browsing and Combining 7,000 Topics Across 59 Categories And 337,263 Projects
- [Awesome Podcasts](https://github.com/rShetty/awesome-podcasts)
- [Awesome Search](https://awesomelists.top/)
- [Awesome SSH](https://github.com/moul/awesome-ssh)
- [Awesome Termux](https://github.com/T4P4N/Awesome-Termux)
- [Awesome UNIX](https://github.com/sirredbeard/Awesome-UNIX) - All the UNIX and UNIX-Like: Linux, BSD, macOS, Illumos, 9front, and more.
- [Awesome Web Security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security) - A curated list of Web Security materials and resources.
- [Awesome WSL](https://github.com/sirredbeard/Awesome-WSL) - Awesome list dedicated to Windows Subsystem for Linux.
- [StumbleUponAwesome](https://github.com/basharovV/StumbleUponAwesome)

## Communication
- [caprine](https://github.com/sindresorhus/caprine) - Elegant Facebook Messenger desktop app.
 ### IRC
- [Kirc](https://github.com/mcpcpc/kirc) -  A tiny IRC client written in POSIX C99.
- [Pidgin](https://www.pidgin.im) - instant messaging program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously. It runs on Windows, Linux, and other UNIX operating systems.
- [Polari](https://github.com/GNOME/polari) - source IRC client for the GNOME desktop environment. [wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Polari](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Polari)
- [Rirc](https://github.com/rcr/rirc) -  A terminal IRC client in C. [rcr.io/rirc](http://rcr.io/rirc/)
- Quassel, HexChat, WeeChat, Konversation, XChat, Smuxi, Polari, KVIrc, ERC, : https://www.ubuntupit.com/top-20-best-irc-clients-for-linux-that-you-should-use-everyday/

  #### Terminal Clients
  - [Birch](https://github.com/dylanaraps/birch) -  An IRC client written in bash.
  - [Irssi](https://irssi.org/) - vpowerful text-mode IRC client.

## Cryptocurrency
- [bitcoin-chart-cli](https://github.com/madnight/bitcoin-chart-cli) - Bitcoin chart for the terminal as command line util.
- [cryptocurrency-calculator-cli](https://github.com/madnight/cryptocurrency-calculator-cli) - Cryptocurrency Converter Calculator as command line util.

## Desktop customization tools
- [Conky](https://github.com/brndnmtthws/conky) - Light-weight system monitor for X-
- [Conky-Colors](https://github.com/helmuthdu/conky_colors) - easier way to configure Conky.
- [GKrellM](http://gkrellm.srcbox.net/) - single process stack of system monitors.
- [Plank](https://github.com/ricotz/plank) - Simple dock.
- [Rainmeter](https://github.com/rainmeter/rainmeter) - (maybe run rainmeter in wine on linux?)
  #### Inspiration
  - [b00merang.weebly.com](https://b00merang.weebly.com/)
    - [macOS 11 'Big Sur'](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/macOS) - macOS theme for Gnome and GTK-based desktops.
    - [Unity 8](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/Unity-8) - Theme mimicking Unity 8's design.
    - [Windows 10 Theme for Linux](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/Windows-10) - Windows 10 Light theme for Linux (GTK).
  - [gnome-look.org](https://www.gnome-look.org)

## Development
PyCharm, Spyder, Jupyter , , 

- [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom) - Atom is a hackable text editor for the 21st century, built on Electron.
- [CppCheck](https://github.com/danmar/cppcheck) -  static analysis of C/C++ code.
- [Dart SDK](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk) - Dart is an open-source, scalable programming language, with robust libraries and runtimes, for building web, server, and mobile apps.
- [Emmet Sublime](https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime) - Emmet for Sublime Text.
- [Github Desktop](https://github.com/desktop/desktop) - open source Electron-based GitHub app. It is written in TypeScript and uses React [desktop.github.com/](https://desktop.github.com).
- [Jupyter Notebook](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook) - web-based notebook environment for interactive computing.
- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm) - Python IDE for Professional Developers.
- [Spyder](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder) - Official repository for Spyder - The Scientific Python Development Environment.
- [Sublime](https://www.sublimetext.com) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
- [Thonny PyDev](https://github.com/thonny/thonny) - Python IDE for beginners.
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode) - [code.visualstudio.com](https://code.visualstudio.com)
- [Wing](https://github.com/kbrsh/wing) - A beautiful CSS framework designed for minimalists [kbrsh.github.io](https://kbrsh.github.io/wing/).

## E-books
- [Calibre](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/calibre) - calibre is an e-book manager. It can view, convert, edit and catalog e-books in all of the major e-book formats.
- [Free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) - Freely available programming books.
- [Free Security eBooks](https://github.com/Hack-with-Github/Free-Security-eBooks) - A curated list of free Security and Pentesting related E-Books available on the Internet.
- [getbestbooks.com](https://getbestbooks.com/) - Free ebooks.
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge) - A collection of inspiring lists, manuals, cheatsheets, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more. 

## Encryption
- [Encrypting Kali Setup Tutorial (working pr. 10.11.20)](https://www.informaticar.net/how-to-manually-partition-and-encrypt-kali-linux/)
- [Sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) - Simple and flexible tool for managing secrets 

## Finance
- [Firefly III:](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - a personal finances manager 
- [portfolio](https://github.com/buchen/portfolio) - A simple tool to calculate the overall performance of an investment portfolio. [portfolio-performance.info](https://www.portfolio-performance.info/en/)

## Food and Drinks
- [Brewtarget](https://github.com/Brewtarget/brewtarget) - Brewtarget is free open-source brewing software, and a beer recipe creation tool available for Linux, Mac, and Windows. It automatically calculates color, bitterness, and other parameters for you while you drag and drop ingredients into the recipe.

## Games
- [Games on Github](https://github.com/leereilly/games) - A list of popular/awesome video games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine. 

## Geography
- [GMT - Generic Mapping Tools](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/gmt) - Open source collection of about 90 command-line tools for manipulating geographic and Cartesian data sets.

## InfoSec
- [academy.attackiq.com](https://academy.attackiq.com)
- MITRE ATT&CK - https://attack.mitre.org/
        - https://mitre-attack.github.io/attack-navigator/enterprise/

## Learning resources
- [Command Line Text Processing](https://github.com/learnbyexample/Command-line-text-processing#ebook) - From finding text to search and replace, from sorting to beautifying text and more. [Gitbook](https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/command-line-text-processing/content/)
- [kali-linux-cheatsheet](https://github.com/NoorQureshi/kali-linux-cheatsheet) - Kali Linux Cheat Sheet for Penetration Testers.
- [Learn_gnuawk](https://github.com/learnbyexample/learn_gnuawk) - Example based guide to mastering GNU awk.
- [Learn_gnused](https://github.com/learnbyexample/learn_gnused) - Example based guide to mastering GNU sed.
- [Linux_command_line](https://github.com/learnbyexample/Linux_command_line) - Introduction to Linux commands and Shell scripting.
- [Scripting_course](https://github.com/learnbyexample/scripting_course) - A reference guide to Linux command line, Vim and Scripting.

## Media

  ### Image
  - [DarkTable](https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable) - open source photography workflow application and raw developer. A virtual lighttable and darkroom for photographers. [darktable.org](https://www.darktable.org/)
  - [Drawio Online](https://app.diagrams.net/) - diagrams.net is open source, online, desktop and container deployable diagramming software. [Github drawio](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio)
  - [Drawio Desktop](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio-desktop) - drawio-desktop is a diagrams.net desktop app based on Electron.
  - [InkScape](https://inkscape.org) - A powerful, free design tool.
  - [Krita](https://github.com/KDE/krita) - Krita is a professional free and open source painting program.
  - [Pinta](https://www.pinta-project.com) - Pinta is a free, open source program for drawing and image editing.
   #### Graphs
   - [Gephi - The Open Graph Viz Platform](https://github.com/gephi/gephi) - award-winning open-source platform for visualizing and manipulating large graphs. For Linux, Mac and Windows.
   - [yEd Graph Editor](https://www.yworks.com/products/yed) - powerful desktop application that can be used to quickly and effectively generate high-quality diagrams.

  ### Video
   - [Kazam](https://github.com/hzbd/kazam) - Kazam is a simple screen recording program that will capture the content of your screen.
   - [Kdenlive](https://invent.kde.org/multimedia/kdenlive) - Free and open source video editor, based on MLT Framework and KDE Frameworks 5. [Github](https://github.com/KDE/kdenlive)
   - [OBS Studio](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio) - Free and open source software for live streaming and screen recording.
   - [Xtreme Download Manager](https://github.com/subhra74/xdm) -  Powerfull download accelerator and video downloader.

  ### Media Servers
   - [forked-daapd](https://github.com/ejurgensen/forked-daapd) - Linux/FreeBSD DAAP (iTunes) and MPD media server with support for AirPlay devices (multiroom), Apple Remote (and compatibles), Chromecast, Spotify and internet radio. 
   - [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin) - Free Software Media System that puts you in control of managing and streaming your media. [jellyfin.org](https://jellyfin.org/)
   - [Kodi](https://github.com/xbmc/xbmc) - award-winning free and open source home theater/media center software and entertainment hub for digital media. [kodi.tv](https://kodi.tv/)
   - [Lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr/Lidarr) - Lidarr is a music collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users. [lidarr.audio](https://lidarr.audio/)
   - [Mopidy](https://github.com/mopidy/mopidy) - plays music from local disk, Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, and more. [Mopidy.com](https://mopidy.com/)
   - [Plex](https://www.plex.tv/) -  closed source media server + desktop application. [plex.tv](https://www.plex.tv/)
     - [Omni](https://github.com/tidusjar/Ombi) - Want a Movie or TV Show on Plex or Emby? Use Ombi. [omni.io](https://ombi.io/)
     - [Telly](https://github.com/tellytv/telly) - IPTV proxy for Plex Live written in Golang.
   - [Snapcast](https://github.com/badaix/snapcast) - Snapcast is a multiroom client-server audio player, where all clients are time synchronized with the server to play perfectly synced audio. [Homepage Snapcast](https://mjaggard.github.io/snapcast/)

   #### IP TV
   - [FreeTuxTV](https://github.com/freetuxtv/freetuxtv/) - FreetuxTV Internet television and radio player.
   - [IPTVx](https://github.com/jankammerath/iptvx) - IPTV player and streamer for Linux that allows to play any stream that LibVLC can play, offers an overlay based on WebKit using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS and uses XMLTV data for EPG information. It allows the playback of URLs, files and can grab URLs from shell scripts. XMLTV EPG data can be downloaded from URLs or grabbed from shell scripts. 

  ### Sound Production
  - [CubicSDR](https://github.com/cjcliffe/CubicSDR) - Cross-Platform Software-Defined Radio Application. [www.cubicsdr.com](http://www.cubicsdr.com/)
  - [Ardour](https://ardour.org/) - Record, Edit, and Mix on Linux, macOS and Windows
  - [Audacity](https://sourceforge.net/projects/audacity/)
  - [SoX - Sound eXchange](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Main/HomePage) - Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs. 

 ### Music Apps
- [Great Little Radio Player](https://sites.google.com/view/greatlittleradioplayer/home)
- [Guayadeque](https://github.com/anonbeat/Guayadeque) - music management program designed for all music enthusiasts. [guayadeque.org](http://www.guayadeque.org/)
- [midomi.com](https://www.midomi.com/) - Online SoundHound alternative.
- [Radio Tray](http://radiotray.sourceforge.net/) - online radio streaming player that runs on a Linux system tray.
- [Shortwave](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/Shortwave) - Find and listen to internet radio stations.
- [Soundcleod](https://github.com/salomvary/soundcleod) - SoundCloud for macOS and Windows.
- [Soundnode App](https://github.com/Soundnode/soundnode-app) - Soundnode App is the Soundcloud for desktop. Built with Electron, Angular.js and Soundcloud API. 
- [Spotify-downloader](https://github.com/spotDL/spotify-downloader) - Download your Spotify playlists and songs along with album art and metadata (from YouTube if a match is found).

## Productivity Tools
- [Albert Launcher](https://github.com/albertlauncher/albert) - A fast and flexible keyboard launcher. [Homepage](https://albertlauncher.github.io/)
- [GNOME Calendar](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-calendar) [gnome-calender github](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-calendar)
- [Joplin](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin) - an open source note taking and to-do application with synchronization capabilities for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS. Forum: [discourse.joplinapp.org](https://discourse.joplinapp.org/))
- [HTML5 Binary Clock](https://github.com/AE0L/html5-binary-clock) - Binary Clock written in HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JS.
- [KOrganizer](https://github.com/KDE/korganizer) - Organizational assistant, providing calendars and other similar functionality.
- [MindNode](https://mindnode.com/download) - brainstorm and mind mapping.
  - [Dracula for MindNode](https://github.com/dracula/mindnode) - Dark theme for MindNode.
- RedShift](https://github.com/jonls/redshift) - Redshift adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings. 
- [Tui.calendar](https://github.com/nhn/tui.calendar) - JavaScript calendar that has everything you need. 
  ### Office Tools
  - [FreeOffice](https://www.freeoffice.com)
  - [dictionaries](https://www.freeoffice.com/en/download/dictionaries)
  - [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
  - [SoftMaker Office](https://www.softmaker.com/en/softmaker-office-download) - Free for 30 days.


 ### Podcast
 - [Awesome Podcasts](https://github.com/rShetty/awesome-podcasts) - Collection of awesome podcasts.
 - [CPod](https://github.com/z-------------/CPod) - A simple, beautiful podcast app for Windows, macOS, and Linux.
 - [Winds](https://github.com/getstream/winds/) - A Beautiful Open Source RSS & Podcast App Powered by Getstream.io.

## Programming
- [KDevelop](https://github.com/KDE/kdevelop) - Cross-platform IDE for C, C++, Python, QML/JavaScript and PHP.
  ## Nim
  - [GUI Options for Nim](https://matthiashager.com/gui-options-for-nim)
  - [Nimwsnetproxy](https://github.com/skelsec/nimwsnetproxy) - websockets-tcp proxy in nim.
  - [Nimx](https://github.com/yglukhov/nimx) - GUI library.
  - [Wxnim](https://github.com/PMunch/wxnim) - Nim wrapper for wxWidgets.
## Tools
- [Inventory Hunter](https://github.com/EricJMarti/inventory-hunter) - Get notified as soon as your next CPU, GPU, or game console is in stock.
  ### Hex
  - [ImHex](https://github.com/WerWolv/ImHex) - A Hex Editor for Reverse Engineers, Programmers and people that value their eye sight when working at 3 AM.
  - [vxHexEditor](https://github.com/EUA/wxHexEditor) - [www.wxhexeditor.org](http://www.wxhexeditor.org/)

## Looking for projects, courses or inspiration?
- [Ail-framework](https://github.com/ail-project/ail-framework) - Analysis Information Leak framework.
- [FeatHub](https://feathub.com)
- [GitHunt](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/githunt) - Hunt the most starred projects on any date on GitHub. [Hunt Online](https://kamranahmed.info/githunt)
- [Gitstar Ranking](https://gitstar-ranking.com) - Unofficial GitHub star ranking for users, organizations and repositories.
- [udemy-downloader-gui](https://github.com/FaisalUmair/udemy-downloader-gui) - A desktop application for downloading Udemy Courses 

## Security Autiting Tools
- [Lynis](https://github.com/CISOfy/Lynis)
- Nikto

## DashBoards
- [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) - The tool for beautiful monitoring and metric analytics & dashboards for Graphite, InfluxDB & Prometheus & More 
  - [Grafana dashboards for MySQL and MongoDB](https://github.com/percona/grafana-dashboards) - Grafana dashboards for MySQL and MongoDB monitoring using Prometheus 

Malicious
Bruteforce
- [Brutemap](https://github.com/brutemap-dev/brutemap) - open source penetration testing tool that automates testing accounts to the site's login page, based on Dictionary Attack
- [StegCracker](https://github.com/Paradoxis/StegCracker) - Steganography brute-force utility to uncover hidden data inside files

Commit message:

added Docker-bazarr, Couchpotato by Linuxserver

README.md, after:

# Awesome


_Freely accessing knowledge is an essential human right. Knowledge is the foundation for human potential, freedom and opportunity and everyone should have access to knowledge for free, without any restriction or limitation._ - [linuxbabe.com](https://www.linuxbabe.com/)

Various resources, personal notes etc. I find interesting.

- https://github.com/D00MFist/security
- https://github.com/AryToNeX/Glasscord
- https://www.findbestopensource.com/projects


## A List of 'Awesome' entitled projects
- [Awesome Azure Security](https://github.com/kmcquade/awesome-azure-security) - A curated list of awesome Microsoft Azure Security tools, guides, blogs, and other resources.
- [Awesome CLI](https://github.com/umutphp/awesome-cli) - A simple command line tool to give you a fancy command line interface to dive into Awesome lists.
- [Awesome cve poc](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-cve-poc) - A curated list of CVE PoCs.
- [Awesome Cyber Security](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/awesome-cyber-security) - Currently contains 8000+ open source repositories, and not very well classified. 
- [Awesome Design](https://github.com/gztchan/awesome-design) - Curated design resources.
- [Awesome DevSecOps](https://github.com/devsecops/awesome-devsecops) - An authoritative list of awesome devsecops tools with the help from community experiments and contributions.
- [Awesome Hacking Resources](https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources) - A collection of hacking / penetration testing resources to make you better.
- [Awesome Humane Tech](https://github.com/humanetech-community/awesome-humane-tech)
- [Awesome Indexed](https://awesome-indexed.mathew-davies.co.uk/)
- [Awesome Learning Resources](https://github.com/lauragift21/awesome-learning-resources) - Awesome list of resources on Web Development.
- [Awesome List](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) - Awesome lists about all kinds of interesting topics 
- [Awesome Machine-learning-interpretability](https://github.com/jphall663/awesome-machine-learning-interpretability)
- [Awesome Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-ml-for-cybersecurity) - Machine Learning for Cyber Security.
- [Awesome Open Source](https://awesomeopensource.com) - Find Open Source By Searching, Browsing and Combining 7,000 Topics Across 59 Categories And 337,263 Projects
- [Awesome Podcasts](https://github.com/rShetty/awesome-podcasts)
- [Awesome Search](https://awesomelists.top/)
- [Awesome SSH](https://github.com/moul/awesome-ssh)
- [Awesome Termux](https://github.com/T4P4N/Awesome-Termux)
- [Awesome UNIX](https://github.com/sirredbeard/Awesome-UNIX) - All the UNIX and UNIX-Like: Linux, BSD, macOS, Illumos, 9front, and more.
- [Awesome Web Security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security) - A curated list of Web Security materials and resources.
- [Awesome WSL](https://github.com/sirredbeard/Awesome-WSL) - Awesome list dedicated to Windows Subsystem for Linux.
- [StumbleUponAwesome](https://github.com/basharovV/StumbleUponAwesome)

## Communication
- [caprine](https://github.com/sindresorhus/caprine) - Elegant Facebook Messenger desktop app.
 ### IRC
- [Kirc](https://github.com/mcpcpc/kirc) -  A tiny IRC client written in POSIX C99.
- [Pidgin](https://www.pidgin.im) - instant messaging program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously. It runs on Windows, Linux, and other UNIX operating systems.
- [Polari](https://github.com/GNOME/polari) - source IRC client for the GNOME desktop environment. [wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Polari](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Polari)
- [Rirc](https://github.com/rcr/rirc) -  A terminal IRC client in C. [rcr.io/rirc](http://rcr.io/rirc/)
- Quassel, HexChat, WeeChat, Konversation, XChat, Smuxi, Polari, KVIrc, ERC, : https://www.ubuntupit.com/top-20-best-irc-clients-for-linux-that-you-should-use-everyday/

  #### Terminal Clients
  - [Birch](https://github.com/dylanaraps/birch) -  An IRC client written in bash.
  - [Irssi](https://irssi.org/) - vpowerful text-mode IRC client.

## Cryptocurrency
- [bitcoin-chart-cli](https://github.com/madnight/bitcoin-chart-cli) - Bitcoin chart for the terminal as command line util.
- [cryptocurrency-calculator-cli](https://github.com/madnight/cryptocurrency-calculator-cli) - Cryptocurrency Converter Calculator as command line util.

## Desktop customization tools
- [Conky](https://github.com/brndnmtthws/conky) - Light-weight system monitor for X-
- [Conky-Colors](https://github.com/helmuthdu/conky_colors) - easier way to configure Conky.
- [GKrellM](http://gkrellm.srcbox.net/) - single process stack of system monitors.
- [Plank](https://github.com/ricotz/plank) - Simple dock.
- [Rainmeter](https://github.com/rainmeter/rainmeter) - (maybe run rainmeter in wine on linux?)
  #### Inspiration
  - [b00merang.weebly.com](https://b00merang.weebly.com/)
    - [macOS 11 'Big Sur'](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/macOS) - macOS theme for Gnome and GTK-based desktops.
    - [Unity 8](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/Unity-8) - Theme mimicking Unity 8's design.
    - [Windows 10 Theme for Linux](https://github.com/B00merang-Project/Windows-10) - Windows 10 Light theme for Linux (GTK).
  - [gnome-look.org](https://www.gnome-look.org)

## Development
PyCharm, Spyder, Jupyter , , 

- [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom) - Atom is a hackable text editor for the 21st century, built on Electron.
- [CppCheck](https://github.com/danmar/cppcheck) -  static analysis of C/C++ code.
- [Dart SDK](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk) - Dart is an open-source, scalable programming language, with robust libraries and runtimes, for building web, server, and mobile apps.
- [Emmet Sublime](https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime) - Emmet for Sublime Text.
- [Github Desktop](https://github.com/desktop/desktop) - open source Electron-based GitHub app. It is written in TypeScript and uses React [desktop.github.com/](https://desktop.github.com).
- [Jupyter Notebook](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook) - web-based notebook environment for interactive computing.
- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm) - Python IDE for Professional Developers.
- [Spyder](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder) - Official repository for Spyder - The Scientific Python Development Environment.
- [Sublime](https://www.sublimetext.com) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
- [Thonny PyDev](https://github.com/thonny/thonny) - Python IDE for beginners.
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode) - [code.visualstudio.com](https://code.visualstudio.com)
- [Wing](https://github.com/kbrsh/wing) - A beautiful CSS framework designed for minimalists [kbrsh.github.io](https://kbrsh.github.io/wing/).

## E-books
- [Calibre](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/calibre) - calibre is an e-book manager. It can view, convert, edit and catalog e-books in all of the major e-book formats.
- [Free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) - Freely available programming books.
- [Free Security eBooks](https://github.com/Hack-with-Github/Free-Security-eBooks) - A curated list of free Security and Pentesting related E-Books available on the Internet.
- [getbestbooks.com](https://getbestbooks.com/) - Free ebooks.
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge) - A collection of inspiring lists, manuals, cheatsheets, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more. 

## Encryption
- [Encrypting Kali Setup Tutorial (working pr. 10.11.20)](https://www.informaticar.net/how-to-manually-partition-and-encrypt-kali-linux/)
- [Sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) - Simple and flexible tool for managing secrets 

## Finance
- [Firefly III:](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - a personal finances manager 
- [portfolio](https://github.com/buchen/portfolio) - A simple tool to calculate the overall performance of an investment portfolio. [portfolio-performance.info](https://www.portfolio-performance.info/en/)

## Food and Drinks
- [Brewtarget](https://github.com/Brewtarget/brewtarget) - Brewtarget is free open-source brewing software, and a beer recipe creation tool available for Linux, Mac, and Windows. It automatically calculates color, bitterness, and other parameters for you while you drag and drop ingredients into the recipe.

## Games
- [Games on Github](https://github.com/leereilly/games) - A list of popular/awesome video games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine. 

## Geography
- [GMT - Generic Mapping Tools](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/gmt) - Open source collection of about 90 command-line tools for manipulating geographic and Cartesian data sets.

## InfoSec
- [academy.attackiq.com](https://academy.attackiq.com)
- MITRE ATT&CK - https://attack.mitre.org/
        - https://mitre-attack.github.io/attack-navigator/enterprise/

## Learning resources
- [Command Line Text Processing](https://github.com/learnbyexample/Command-line-text-processing#ebook) - From finding text to search and replace, from sorting to beautifying text and more. [Gitbook](https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/command-line-text-processing/content/)
- [kali-linux-cheatsheet](https://github.com/NoorQureshi/kali-linux-cheatsheet) - Kali Linux Cheat Sheet for Penetration Testers.
- [Learn_gnuawk](https://github.com/learnbyexample/learn_gnuawk) - Example based guide to mastering GNU awk.
- [Learn_gnused](https://github.com/learnbyexample/learn_gnused) - Example based guide to mastering GNU sed.
- [Linux_command_line](https://github.com/learnbyexample/Linux_command_line) - Introduction to Linux commands and Shell scripting.
- [Scripting_course](https://github.com/learnbyexample/scripting_course) - A reference guide to Linux command line, Vim and Scripting.

## Media

  ### Image
  - [DarkTable](https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable) - open source photography workflow application and raw developer. A virtual lighttable and darkroom for photographers. [darktable.org](https://www.darktable.org/)
  - [Drawio Online](https://app.diagrams.net/) - diagrams.net is open source, online, desktop and container deployable diagramming software. [Github drawio](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio)
  - [Drawio Desktop](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio-desktop) - drawio-desktop is a diagrams.net desktop app based on Electron.
  - [InkScape](https://inkscape.org) - A powerful, free design tool.
  - [Krita](https://github.com/KDE/krita) - Krita is a professional free and open source painting program.
  - [Pinta](https://www.pinta-project.com) - Pinta is a free, open source program for drawing and image editing.
   #### Graphs
   - [Gephi - The Open Graph Viz Platform](https://github.com/gephi/gephi) - award-winning open-source platform for visualizing and manipulating large graphs. For Linux, Mac and Windows.
   - [yEd Graph Editor](https://www.yworks.com/products/yed) - powerful desktop application that can be used to quickly and effectively generate high-quality diagrams.

  ### Video
   - [Kazam](https://github.com/hzbd/kazam) - Kazam is a simple screen recording program that will capture the content of your screen.
   - [Kdenlive](https://invent.kde.org/multimedia/kdenlive) - Free and open source video editor, based on MLT Framework and KDE Frameworks 5. [Github](https://github.com/KDE/kdenlive)
   - [OBS Studio](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio) - Free and open source software for live streaming and screen recording.
   - [Xtreme Download Manager](https://github.com/subhra74/xdm) -  Powerfull download accelerator and video downloader.

  ### Media Servers
   - [Forked-daapd](https://github.com/ejurgensen/forked-daapd) - Linux/FreeBSD DAAP (iTunes) and MPD media server with support for AirPlay devices (multiroom), Apple Remote (and compatibles), Chromecast, Spotify and internet radio. 
   - [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin) - Free Software Media System that puts you in control of managing and streaming your media. [jellyfin.org](https://jellyfin.org)
   - [Kodi](https://github.com/xbmc/xbmc) - award-winning free and open source home theater/media center software and entertainment hub for digital media. [kodi.tv](https://kodi.tv)
   - [Lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr/Lidarr) - Lidarr is a music collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users. [lidarr.audio](https://lidarr.audio/)
   - [Mopidy](https://github.com/mopidy/mopidy) - plays music from local disk, Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, and more. [Mopidy.com](https://mopidy.com/)
   - [Plex](https://www.plex.tv/) -  closed source media server + desktop application. [plex.tv](https://www.plex.tv/)
     - [Omni](https://github.com/tidusjar/Ombi) - Want a Movie or TV Show on Plex or Emby? Use Ombi. [omni.io](https://ombi.io/)
     - [Telly](https://github.com/tellytv/telly) - IPTV proxy for Plex Live written in Golang.
   - [Snapcast](https://github.com/badaix/snapcast) - Snapcast is a multiroom client-server audio player, where all clients are time synchronized with the server to play perfectly synced audio. [Homepage Snapcast](https://mjaggard.github.io/snapcast/)

   #### Docker
   - [Couchpotato by Linuxserver](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/couchpotato/)
   - [Docker-bazarr](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-bazarr) - Bazarr is a companion application to Sonarr and Radarr. It can manage and download subtitles based on your requirements.
   #### IP TV
   - [FreeTuxTV](https://github.com/freetuxtv/freetuxtv/) - FreetuxTV Internet television and radio player.
   - [IPTVx](https://github.com/jankammerath/iptvx) - IPTV player and streamer for Linux that allows to play any stream that LibVLC can play, offers an overlay based on WebKit using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS and uses XMLTV data for EPG information. It allows the playback of URLs, files and can grab URLs from shell scripts. XMLTV EPG data can be downloaded from URLs or grabbed from shell scripts. 

  ### Sound Production
  - [CubicSDR](https://github.com/cjcliffe/CubicSDR) - Cross-Platform Software-Defined Radio Application. [www.cubicsdr.com](http://www.cubicsdr.com/)
  - [Ardour](https://ardour.org/) - Record, Edit, and Mix on Linux, macOS and Windows
  - [Audacity](https://sourceforge.net/projects/audacity/)
  - [SoX - Sound eXchange](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Main/HomePage) - Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs. 

 ### Music Apps
- [Great Little Radio Player](https://sites.google.com/view/greatlittleradioplayer/home)
- [Guayadeque](https://github.com/anonbeat/Guayadeque) - music management program designed for all music enthusiasts. [guayadeque.org](http://www.guayadeque.org/)
- [midomi.com](https://www.midomi.com/) - Online SoundHound alternative.
- [Radio Tray](http://radiotray.sourceforge.net/) - online radio streaming player that runs on a Linux system tray.
- [Shortwave](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/Shortwave) - Find and listen to internet radio stations.
- [Soundcleod](https://github.com/salomvary/soundcleod) - SoundCloud for macOS and Windows.
- [Soundnode App](https://github.com/Soundnode/soundnode-app) - Soundnode App is the Soundcloud for desktop. Built with Electron, Angular.js and Soundcloud API. 
- [Spotify-downloader](https://github.com/spotDL/spotify-downloader) - Download your Spotify playlists and songs along with album art and metadata (from YouTube if a match is found).

## Productivity Tools
- [Albert Launcher](https://github.com/albertlauncher/albert) - A fast and flexible keyboard launcher. [Homepage](https://albertlauncher.github.io/)
- [GNOME Calendar](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-calendar) [gnome-calender github](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-calendar)
- [Joplin](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin) - an open source note taking and to-do application with synchronization capabilities for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS. Forum: [discourse.joplinapp.org](https://discourse.joplinapp.org/))
- [HTML5 Binary Clock](https://github.com/AE0L/html5-binary-clock) - Binary Clock written in HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JS.
- [KOrganizer](https://github.com/KDE/korganizer) - Organizational assistant, providing calendars and other similar functionality.
- [MindNode](https://mindnode.com/download) - brainstorm and mind mapping.
  - [Dracula for MindNode](https://github.com/dracula/mindnode) - Dark theme for MindNode.
- RedShift](https://github.com/jonls/redshift) - Redshift adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings. 
- [Tui.calendar](https://github.com/nhn/tui.calendar) - JavaScript calendar that has everything you need. 
  ### Office Tools
  - [FreeOffice](https://www.freeoffice.com)
  - [dictionaries](https://www.freeoffice.com/en/download/dictionaries)
  - [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
  - [SoftMaker Office](https://www.softmaker.com/en/softmaker-office-download) - Free for 30 days.


 ### Podcast
 - [Awesome Podcasts](https://github.com/rShetty/awesome-podcasts) - Collection of awesome podcasts.
 - [CPod](https://github.com/z-------------/CPod) - A simple, beautiful podcast app for Windows, macOS, and Linux.
 - [Winds](https://github.com/getstream/winds/) - A Beautiful Open Source RSS & Podcast App Powered by Getstream.io.

## Programming
- [KDevelop](https://github.com/KDE/kdevelop) - Cross-platform IDE for C, C++, Python, QML/JavaScript and PHP.
  ## Nim
  - [GUI Options for Nim](https://matthiashager.com/gui-options-for-nim)
  - [Nimwsnetproxy](https://github.com/skelsec/nimwsnetproxy) - websockets-tcp proxy in nim.
  - [Nimx](https://github.com/yglukhov/nimx) - GUI library.
  - [Wxnim](https://github.com/PMunch/wxnim) - Nim wrapper for wxWidgets.
## Tools
- [Inventory Hunter](https://github.com/EricJMarti/inventory-hunter) - Get notified as soon as your next CPU, GPU, or game console is in stock.
  ### Hex
  - [ImHex](https://github.com/WerWolv/ImHex) - A Hex Editor for Reverse Engineers, Programmers and people that value their eye sight when working at 3 AM.
  - [vxHexEditor](https://github.com/EUA/wxHexEditor) - [www.wxhexeditor.org](http://www.wxhexeditor.org/)

## Looking for projects, courses or inspiration?
- [Ail-framework](https://github.com/ail-project/ail-framework) - Analysis Information Leak framework.
- [FeatHub](https://feathub.com)
- [GitHunt](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/githunt) - Hunt the most starred projects on any date on GitHub. [Hunt Online](https://kamranahmed.info/githunt)
- [Gitstar Ranking](https://gitstar-ranking.com) - Unofficial GitHub star ranking for users, organizations and repositories.
- [udemy-downloader-gui](https://github.com/FaisalUmair/udemy-downloader-gui) - A desktop application for downloading Udemy Courses 

## Security Autiting Tools
- [Lynis](https://github.com/CISOfy/Lynis)
- Nikto

## DashBoards
- [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) - The tool for beautiful monitoring and metric analytics & dashboards for Graphite, InfluxDB & Prometheus & More 
  - [Grafana dashboards for MySQL and MongoDB](https://github.com/percona/grafana-dashboards) - Grafana dashboards for MySQL and MongoDB monitoring using Prometheus 

Malicious
Bruteforce
- [Brutemap](https://github.com/brutemap-dev/brutemap) - open source penetration testing tool that automates testing accounts to the site's login page, based on Dictionary Attack
- [StegCracker](https://github.com/Paradoxis/StegCracker) - Steganography brute-force utility to uncover hidden data inside files
