Reverse Engineering.md, before:


## Debugging
- [Bus Pirate](https://github.com/BusPirate/Bus_Pirate) - open source hacker multi-tool that talks to electronic stuff.
- [OpenOCD](http://openocd.org/) - open-source tool that allows debugging various ARM devices with GDB using a wide variety of JTAG programmers.
  - [JTAG Explained tutorial](https://blog.senr.io/blog/jtag-explained)

## Decompilers
- [JadX](https://github.com/skylot/jadx) - Dex to Java decompiler. Command line and GUI tools for producing Java source code from Android Dex and Apk files
- [JustDecompile Engine](https://github.com/telerik/JustDecompileEngine) - .NET decompiler.

## Mobile Forensics
- [Santuko Linux](https://santoku-linux.com) - Mobile forensics, mobile malware and mobile security.

## Windows Presentation Foundation
Free and open-source graphical subsystem originally developed by Microsoft for rendering user interfaces.
- [Snoopwpf - open source WPF spying utility](https://github.com/snoopwpf/snoopwpf) - allows you to spy/browse the visual tree of a running application (without the need for a debugger) and change properties, view triggers, set breakpoints on property changes and many more things.

Commit message:

Added cheat-engine and 'crysearch'

Reverse Engineering.md, after:

# Reverse Engineering
"Reverse engineering, also called backwards engineering or back engineering, is the process by which an artificial object is deconstructed to reveal its designs, architecture, code or to extract knowledge from the object."

## Blackbox testing

## Debugging
- [Bus Pirate](https://github.com/BusPirate/Bus_Pirate) - open source hacker multi-tool that talks to electronic stuff.
- [OpenOCD](http://openocd.org/) - open-source tool that allows debugging various ARM devices with GDB using a wide variety of JTAG programmers.
  - [JTAG Explained tutorial](https://blog.senr.io/blog/jtag-explained)

## Decompilers
- [JadX](https://github.com/skylot/jadx) - Dex to Java decompiler. Command line and GUI tools for producing Java source code from Android Dex and Apk files
- [JustDecompile Engine](https://github.com/telerik/JustDecompileEngine) - .NET decompiler.

## Dynamic analysis

## Memory scanners
- [Cheat-engine](https://github.com/cheat-engine/cheat-engine) - A development environment focused on modding. [cheatengine.org](https://cheatengine.org/)
- [CrySearch Memory Scanner](https://www.crysearch.nl/) -  analysis, debugging and memory modification.

## Mobile Forensics
- [Santuko Linux](https://santoku-linux.com) - Mobile forensics, mobile malware and mobile security.

## Windows Presentation Foundation
Free and open-source graphical subsystem originally developed by Microsoft for rendering user interfaces.
- [Snoopwpf - open source WPF spying utility](https://github.com/snoopwpf/snoopwpf) - allows you to spy/browse the visual tree of a running application (without the need for a debugger) and change properties, view triggers, set breakpoints on property changes and many more things.
