Web Browser Extensions.md, before:

# Browser extensions

- [Adblock Plus](https://gitlab.com/eyeo/adblockplus/adblockpluschrome) - open-source browser extension for content-filtering and ad blocking.
- [Dark Reader](https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader) - Inverts brightness of web pages and aims to reduce eyestrain while you browse the web. [darkreader.org](https://darkreader.org/)
- [H264ify](https://github.com/erkserkserks/h264ify) - A Chrome/Firefox extension that makes YouTube stream H.264 videos instead of VP8/VP9 videos.
  - [H264ify - addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/h264ify/)
- [HTTPS Everywhere](https://github.com/EFForg/https-everywhere) - A browser extension that encrypts your communications with many websites that offer HTTPS but still allow unencrypted connections. 
- [NoScript Security Suite](https://github.com/hackademix/noscript) - Allow active content to run only from sites you trust, and protect yourself against XSS and Clickjacking attacks, "Spectre", "Meltdown" and other JavaScript exploits. [noscript.net](https://noscript.net/)
- [PhishDetect Extension](https://github.com/phishdetect/phishdetect-extension) - rowser extension that complements the PhishDetect service.
- [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) - An efficient blocker for Chromium and Firefox. Fast and lean. [ublockorigin.com](https://ublockorigin.com/)

Commit message:

added Decentraleyes, Development repo and Decentraleyes for Firefox

Web Browser Extensions.md, after:

# Browser extensions

- [Adblock Plus](https://gitlab.com/eyeo/adblockplus/adblockpluschrome) - open-source browser extension for content-filtering and ad blocking.
- [Dark Reader](https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader) - Inverts brightness of web pages and aims to reduce eyestrain while you browse the web. [darkreader.org](https://darkreader.org/)
- [Decentraleyes](https://decentraleyes.org/) - A web browser extension that emulates Content Delivery Networks to improve your online privacy.
  - [Development repo](https://git.synz.io/Synzvato/decentraleyes)
  - [Decentraleyes for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/decentraleyes/)

- [H264ify](https://github.com/erkserkserks/h264ify) - A Chrome/Firefox extension that makes YouTube stream H.264 videos instead of VP8/VP9 videos.
  - [H264ify - addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/h264ify/)
- [HTTPS Everywhere](https://github.com/EFForg/https-everywhere) - A browser extension that encrypts your communications with many websites that offer HTTPS but still allow unencrypted connections. 
- [NoScript Security Suite](https://github.com/hackademix/noscript) - Allow active content to run only from sites you trust, and protect yourself against XSS and Clickjacking attacks, "Spectre", "Meltdown" and other JavaScript exploits. [noscript.net](https://noscript.net/)
- [Snowflake by The Tor Project](https://snowflake.torproject.org) - Snowflake is a WebRTC pluggable transport for Tor.
- [PhishDetect Extension](https://github.com/phishdetect/phishdetect-extension) - rowser extension that complements the PhishDetect service.
- [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) - An efficient blocker for Chromium and Firefox. Fast and lean. [ublockorigin.com](https://ublockorigin.com/)
