Web-Resources.md, before:


## Cyber Security News
- [Cyberiqs.com/latestnews](https://cyberiqs.com/latestnews)
- [Cyware.com/hacker-news](https://cyware.com/hacker-news)
- [Decipher](https://duo.com/decipher) - Security news that informs and inspires.
- [DarkReading.com](https://www.darkreading.com)
- [GovInfoSecurity.com](https://www.govinfosecurity.com)
- [hackread.com](https://www.hackread.com)
- [IronGeek.com](https://www.irongeek.com)
- [Isc.sans.edu](https://isc.sans.edu)
- [jpcert.or.jp](https://www.jpcert.or.jp/english/) - JPCERT/CC is the first CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team) established in Japan.
- [News.YCombinator.com](https://news.ycombinator.com)
- [TheCybersecurityPlace.com](https://thecybersecurityplace.com)
- [TheHackerNews.com](https://thehackernews.com)
- [TheHackerStalk.com](https://thehackerstalk.com)
- [ThreatPost.com](https://threatpost.com)
- [SecurityDiscovery.com](https://securitydiscovery.com)
- [SecurityWeek.com](https://www.securityweek.com)
- [WeLiveSecurity.com](https://www.welivesecurity.com)
- [Zdnet.com](https://www.zdnet.com)

## E-books, PDF's and other documents
- [TradePub.com](https://sf.tradepub.com) - The top resource for free professional and technical research, white papers, case studies, magazines, and eBooks.

 ## Forums and blogs
  - [0x00sec.org](https://0x00sec.org)
  - [Blog.syscall.party](https://blog.syscall.party)
  - [Blog.qsecure.com.cy/posts](https://blog.qsecure.com.cy/posts)
  - [Businessforum.zyxel.com](https://businessforum.zyxel.com)
  - [Cracked.to](https://cracked.to)
  - [Darkwebmafias.net](https://darkwebmafias.net)
  - [Githacktools.blogspot.com](https://githacktools.blogspot.com)
  - [Hackforums.net](https://hackforums.net)
  - [Hackingarticles.in](hackingarticles.in) - Raj Chandel's Blog.
  - [Hahwul](https://www.hahwul.com) - Security engineer, Developer and H4cker.
  - [Homeofbannedhacker.blogspot.com](https://homeofbannedhacker.blogspot.com)
  - [Hosakacorp.net](https://hosakacorp.net)
  - [Leakzone.net](https://leakzone.net)
  - [Linuxbabe Community](https://community.linuxbabe.com)
  - [0ffset.net](https://0ffset.net) - IT Security blog
  - [Phoronix.com/forums](https://www.phoronix.com/forums)
  - [Planet Virt Tools](https://planet.virt-tools.org) - Blogging about open source virtualization.
  - [Reversinglabs.com](https://blog.reversinglabs.com)
  - [Techtalk.comodo.com/blog](https://techtalk.comodo.com/blog)
  - [Ubuntubuzz.com](https://www.ubuntubuzz.com)

## Games
- https://www.slavehack2.com/
- http://www.s0urce.io/

## Hacking Simulator for the kidz
- https://hackertyper.io/
- https://hacker-simulator.com/
- https://geekprank.com/hacker/


## Intelligence

  ### Norwegian
  - [pst.no](https://pst.no/) - Norwegian Police Security Service is the police security agency of Norway, somewhat comparable to the British MI5 [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwegian_Police_Security_Service).
  #### Norwegian Threat Assessment
  - [PST's trusselvurdering 2018](https://www.pst.no/alle-artikler/trusselvurderinger/trusselvurdering-2018/)
  - [PST's trusselvurdering 2029](https://www.pst.no/alle-artikler/trusselvurderinger/trusselvurdering-2019/)

  ### Russia
  - [svr.gov.ru](http://svr.gov.ru/)

  ### United Kingdom
  - [MI6 / Secret Intelligence Service](https://www.sis.gov.uk/) - Foreign intelligence service of the United Kingdom, tasked mainly with the covert overseas collection and analysis of human intelligence in support of the UK's national security [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secret_Intelligence_Service).
  - [The National Cyber Security Centre](https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/)

  ### US
  (for later: https://www.usa.gov/federal-agencies/u-s-department-of-defense)
  - [cia.gov](https://www.cia.gov/) - The Central Intelligence Agency is a civilian foreign intelligence service of the federal government of the United States, officially tasked with gathering, processing, and analyzing national security information from around the world, primarily through the use of human intelligence [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Intelligence_Agency).
    - [cia on TOR - http://ciadotgov4sjwlzihbbgxnqg3xiyrg7so2r2o3lt5wz5ypk4sxyjstad.onion](http://ciadotgov4sjwlzihbbgxnqg3xiyrg7so2r2o3lt5wz5ypk4sxyjstad.onion)
  - [dia.mil - Defense Intelligence Agency](https://www.dia.mil)
  - [fbi.gov](https://www.fbi.gov/) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation is the domestic intelligence and security service of the United States and its principal federal law enforcement agency.
    - [FBI - Internet Crime Complaint Center IC3](https://www.ic3.gov)
  - [National Reconnaissance Office](https://www.nro.gov/) -  is a member of the United States Intelligence Community and an agency of the United States Department of Defense. NRO is considered, along with the Central Intelligence Agency, National Security Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency, and National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, to be one of the "big five" U.S [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Reconnaissance_Office).
  - [nsa.gov](https://www.nsa.gov/) - National-level intelligence agency of the United States Department of Defense, under the authority of the Director of National Intelligence. The NSA is responsible for global monitoring, collection, and processing of information and data for foreign and domestic intelligence and counterintelligence purposes, specializing in a discipline known as signals intelligence. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Security_Agency)


## Learning material
- [Academy.hackthebox.eu](https://academy.hackthebox.eu)
- [Awesome Self Hosted](https://selfhosted.libhunt.com)
- [Cyberciti.biz](https://www.cyberciti.biz) - Linux / Unix tutorials for new and seasoned sysadmin || developers.
- [DevConnected.com](https://devconnected.com)
- [Geek-university.com](https://geek-university.com) - Free, high-quality IT tutorials
- [Golinuxcloud.com](https://www.golinuxcloud.com)
- [Hackingpassion.com](https://hackingpassion.com)
- [Landoflinux.com](https://www.landoflinux.com/index.html) - free guides and tutorials for all things Linux.
- [Linux.com](https://www.linux.com)
- [Linuxbabe.com](https://www.linuxbabe.com) - Lots of tutorials.
- [Linux Training Academy](https://www.linuxtrainingacademy.com) - _"We Help IT Professionals Level-Up Their Careers by Teaching Them Practical Linux Skills."_
- [lorn.tech](https://www.lorn.tech) - masse nyttige podcasts.
- [Itsfoss.com](https://itsfoss.com) - Open source related articles published on It’s FOSS.
- [Linuxhint.com](https://linuxhint.com) - Lots of tutorials.
- [SecJuice.com](https://www.secjuice.com) - Non-profit cyber goodness.
- [Spyboy blog](https://spyboy.blog) - Learn ethical hacking , cyber security, computer programming, networking, android tricks and windows tricks.
- [ss64](https://ss64.com) - Reference guide containing syntax and examples for the most prevalent computing commands (Database and Operating System).
- [Thehacks.co](https://thehacks.co) - Latest Hacking Insights Tips & Guides.
- [zeropointsecurity.co.uk/red-team-ops](https://www.zeropointsecurity.co.uk/red-team-ops) - Offensive Cyber Security Training.
  ### PowerShell
  - [Scriptigator.com](https://scriptigator.com)

## Privacy
- [privacytools.io](https://www.privacytools.io/)

## Social Media
- [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/)

Commit message:

added The Book of Secret Knowledge, Free-programming-books, Free Security eBooks, getbestbooks.com

Web-Resources.md, after:


## Cyber Security News
- [Cyberiqs.com/latestnews](https://cyberiqs.com/latestnews)
- [Cyware.com/hacker-news](https://cyware.com/hacker-news)
- [Decipher](https://duo.com/decipher) - Security news that informs and inspires.
- [DarkReading.com](https://www.darkreading.com)
- [GovInfoSecurity.com](https://www.govinfosecurity.com)
- [hackread.com](https://www.hackread.com)
- [IronGeek.com](https://www.irongeek.com)
- [Isc.sans.edu](https://isc.sans.edu)
- [jpcert.or.jp](https://www.jpcert.or.jp/english/) - JPCERT/CC is the first CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team) established in Japan.
- [News.YCombinator.com](https://news.ycombinator.com)
- [TheCybersecurityPlace.com](https://thecybersecurityplace.com)
- [TheHackerNews.com](https://thehackernews.com)
- [TheHackerStalk.com](https://thehackerstalk.com)
- [ThreatPost.com](https://threatpost.com)
- [SecurityDiscovery.com](https://securitydiscovery.com)
- [SecurityWeek.com](https://www.securityweek.com)
- [WeLiveSecurity.com](https://www.welivesecurity.com)
- [Zdnet.com](https://www.zdnet.com)

## E-books, PDF's and other documents
- [Free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) - Freely available programming books.
- [Free Security eBooks](https://github.com/Hack-with-Github/Free-Security-eBooks) - A curated list of free Security and Pentesting related E-Books available on the Internet.
- [getbestbooks.com](https://getbestbooks.com/) - Free ebooks.
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge) - A collection of inspiring lists, manuals, cheatsheets, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more. 
- [TradePub.com](https://sf.tradepub.com) - The top resource for free professional and technical research, white papers, case studies, magazines, and eBooks.

 ## Forums and blogs
  - [0x00sec.org](https://0x00sec.org)
  - [Blog.syscall.party](https://blog.syscall.party)
  - [Blog.qsecure.com.cy/posts](https://blog.qsecure.com.cy/posts)
  - [Businessforum.zyxel.com](https://businessforum.zyxel.com)
  - [Cracked.to](https://cracked.to)
  - [Darkwebmafias.net](https://darkwebmafias.net)
  - [Githacktools.blogspot.com](https://githacktools.blogspot.com)
  - [Hackforums.net](https://hackforums.net)
  - [Hackingarticles.in](hackingarticles.in) - Raj Chandel's Blog.
  - [Hahwul](https://www.hahwul.com) - Security engineer, Developer and H4cker.
  - [Homeofbannedhacker.blogspot.com](https://homeofbannedhacker.blogspot.com)
  - [Hosakacorp.net](https://hosakacorp.net)
  - [Leakzone.net](https://leakzone.net)
  - [Linuxbabe Community](https://community.linuxbabe.com)
  - [0ffset.net](https://0ffset.net) - IT Security blog
  - [Phoronix.com/forums](https://www.phoronix.com/forums)
  - [Planet Virt Tools](https://planet.virt-tools.org) - Blogging about open source virtualization.
  - [Reversinglabs.com](https://blog.reversinglabs.com)
  - [Techtalk.comodo.com/blog](https://techtalk.comodo.com/blog)
  - [Ubuntubuzz.com](https://www.ubuntubuzz.com)

## Games
- https://www.slavehack2.com/
- http://www.s0urce.io/

## Hacking Simulator for the kidz
- https://hackertyper.io/
- https://hacker-simulator.com/
- https://geekprank.com/hacker/


## Intelligence

  ### Norwegian
  - [pst.no](https://pst.no/) - Norwegian Police Security Service is the police security agency of Norway, somewhat comparable to the British MI5 [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwegian_Police_Security_Service).
  #### Norwegian Threat Assessment
  - [PST's trusselvurdering 2018](https://www.pst.no/alle-artikler/trusselvurderinger/trusselvurdering-2018/)
  - [PST's trusselvurdering 2029](https://www.pst.no/alle-artikler/trusselvurderinger/trusselvurdering-2019/)

  ### Russia
  - [svr.gov.ru](http://svr.gov.ru/)

  ### United Kingdom
  - [MI6 / Secret Intelligence Service](https://www.sis.gov.uk/) - Foreign intelligence service of the United Kingdom, tasked mainly with the covert overseas collection and analysis of human intelligence in support of the UK's national security [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secret_Intelligence_Service).
  - [The National Cyber Security Centre](https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/)

  ### US
  (for later: https://www.usa.gov/federal-agencies/u-s-department-of-defense)
  - [cia.gov](https://www.cia.gov/) - The Central Intelligence Agency is a civilian foreign intelligence service of the federal government of the United States, officially tasked with gathering, processing, and analyzing national security information from around the world, primarily through the use of human intelligence [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Intelligence_Agency).
    - [cia on TOR - http://ciadotgov4sjwlzihbbgxnqg3xiyrg7so2r2o3lt5wz5ypk4sxyjstad.onion](http://ciadotgov4sjwlzihbbgxnqg3xiyrg7so2r2o3lt5wz5ypk4sxyjstad.onion)
  - [dia.mil - Defense Intelligence Agency](https://www.dia.mil)
  - [fbi.gov](https://www.fbi.gov/) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation is the domestic intelligence and security service of the United States and its principal federal law enforcement agency.
    - [FBI - Internet Crime Complaint Center IC3](https://www.ic3.gov)
  - [National Reconnaissance Office](https://www.nro.gov/) -  is a member of the United States Intelligence Community and an agency of the United States Department of Defense. NRO is considered, along with the Central Intelligence Agency, National Security Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency, and National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, to be one of the "big five" U.S [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Reconnaissance_Office).
  - [nsa.gov](https://www.nsa.gov/) - National-level intelligence agency of the United States Department of Defense, under the authority of the Director of National Intelligence. The NSA is responsible for global monitoring, collection, and processing of information and data for foreign and domestic intelligence and counterintelligence purposes, specializing in a discipline known as signals intelligence. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Security_Agency)


## Learning material
- [Academy.hackthebox.eu](https://academy.hackthebox.eu)
- [Awesome Self Hosted](https://selfhosted.libhunt.com)
- [Cyberciti.biz](https://www.cyberciti.biz) - Linux / Unix tutorials for new and seasoned sysadmin || developers.
- [DevConnected.com](https://devconnected.com)
- [Geek-university.com](https://geek-university.com) - Free, high-quality IT tutorials
- [Golinuxcloud.com](https://www.golinuxcloud.com)
- [Hackingpassion.com](https://hackingpassion.com)
- [Landoflinux.com](https://www.landoflinux.com/index.html) - free guides and tutorials for all things Linux.
- [Linux.com](https://www.linux.com)
- [Linuxbabe.com](https://www.linuxbabe.com) - Lots of tutorials.
- [Linux Training Academy](https://www.linuxtrainingacademy.com) - _"We Help IT Professionals Level-Up Their Careers by Teaching Them Practical Linux Skills."_
- [lorn.tech](https://www.lorn.tech) - masse nyttige podcasts.
- [Itsfoss.com](https://itsfoss.com) - Open source related articles published on It’s FOSS.
- [Linuxhint.com](https://linuxhint.com) - Lots of tutorials.
- [SecJuice.com](https://www.secjuice.com) - Non-profit cyber goodness.
- [Spyboy blog](https://spyboy.blog) - Learn ethical hacking , cyber security, computer programming, networking, android tricks and windows tricks.
- [ss64](https://ss64.com) - Reference guide containing syntax and examples for the most prevalent computing commands (Database and Operating System).
- [Thehacks.co](https://thehacks.co) - Latest Hacking Insights Tips & Guides.
- [zeropointsecurity.co.uk/red-team-ops](https://www.zeropointsecurity.co.uk/red-team-ops) - Offensive Cyber Security Training.
  ### PowerShell
  - [Scriptigator.com](https://scriptigator.com)

## Privacy
- [privacytools.io](https://www.privacytools.io/)

## Social Media
- [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/)
