Anonymity and Privacy/README.md, before:

# Anonymity

- [Privacy Guide: Fight Surveillance with Encryption and Privacy Tools](https://www.privacytools.io/)
- [Surveillance Self-Defense](https://ssd.eff.org/)

<br>

- [Checkip](https://github.com/jreisinger/checkip) -  Get (security) info about IP addresses.
- [Cidranger](https://github.com/yl2chen/cidranger) - Fast IP to CIDR lookup in Golang.
- [Darknet-tools](https://cybercoplabs.net/article/darknet-tools)
- [Firehol's blocklist-ipsets](https://github.com/firehol/blocklist-ipsets) - ipsets dynamically updated with firehol's update-ipsets.sh script.
- [Google-Chinese-Results-Blocklist](https://github.com/cobaltdisco/Google-Chinese-Results-Blocklist) - 我终于能用谷歌搜中文了…… 
- [Mmdb-server](https://github.com/adulau/mmdb-server) - mmdb-server is an open source fast API server to lookup IP addresses for their geographic location.
- [OSI-Model](https://osi-model.com/) - The OSI Model was designed in 1977 and is part of the ISO specifications since 1984. Each OSI layer serves a unique task for network communication.
- [qPeer](https://github.com/Quimzy/qPeer) - A peer-to-peer routing protocol to run your decentralized network.
- [Secure Distributed Network Time Synchronization](https://github.com/Kicksecure/sdwdate) - Secure Distributed Web Date; privacy, anonymity and Tor friendly; console time fetcher and daemon; optional graphical user interface etc. Website: https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/sdwdate 
- [shadowsocks](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-rust) - shadowsocks is a fast tunnel proxy that helps you bypass firewalls.
  - [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - Next Generation of ShadowsocksX 
- [TCP ISN CPU Information Leak Protection](https://github.com/Kicksecure/tirdad) - TCP ISN CPU Information Leak Protection. TCP Initial Sequence Numbers Randomization to prevent TCP ISN based CPU Information Leaks. 
- [Whoami Project](https://github.com/omer-dogan/kali-whoami) - Whoami is a privacy tool developed to keep you anonymous on Kali Linux at the highest level.
- [Yggdrasil](https://github.com/yggdrasil-network/yggdrasil-go) - An experiment in scalable routing as an encrypted IPv6 overlay network.
- [ZeroTierOne](https://github.com/zerotier/ZeroTierOne) - A Smart Ethernet Switch for Earth.

## Awesome
- [Awesome-network-stuff](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/awesome-network-stuff) - Resources about network security, including: Proxy/GFW/ReverseProxy/Tunnel/VPN/Tor/I2P, and MiTM/PortKnocking/NetworkSniff/NetworkAnalysis/etc。More than 1700 open source tools for now. Post incoming.
- [FreeNet Project](https://freenetproject.org)
- [ZeroNet](https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet#how-to-join) - Decentralized websites using Bitcoin crypto and BitTorrent network.


## Anonymity
- [Kloak - A keystroke anonymization Tool](https://github.com/vmonaco/kloak) - Keystroke-level online anonymization kernel: obfuscates typing behavior at the device level. 
- [I2P](https://github.com/PurpleI2P/i2pd) - 🛡 I2P: End-to-End encrypted and anonymous Internet 
- [Lokinet](https://github.com/oxen-io/lokinet) - Lokinet is an anonymous, decentralized and IP based overlay network for the internet. [lokinet.org](https://lokinet.org/)
- [ProxyChains by haad](https://github.com/haad/proxychains) - proxychains - a tool that forces any TCP connection made by any given application to follow through proxy like TOR or any other SOCKS4, SOCKS5 or HTTP(S) proxy. Supported auth-types: "user/pass" for SOCKS4/5, "basic" for HTTP.
- [ProxyChains-NG by rofl0r](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) - proxychains ng (new generation) - a preloader which hooks calls to sockets in dynamically linked programs and redirects it through one or more socks/http proxies. continuation of the unmaintained proxychains project. the sf.net page is currently not updated, use releases from github release page instead.

  #### TOR - The Onion Router
  - [Onionbalance v3](https://github.com/asn-d6/onionbalance/) - mirror of (https://gitlab.torproject.org/asn/onionbalance).
  - [Real-World Onion Sites](https://github.com/alecmuffett/real-world-onion-sites#tech-and-software) - list of substantial, commercial-or-social-good mainstream websites which provide onion services.
  - [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Online Anonymity ](https://github.com/NobodySpecial256/thgtoa)
  - [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) - Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication. The name derived from the acronym for the original software project name "The Onion Router". Tor directs Internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer overlay network consisting of more than seven thousand relays to conceal a user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis.
    - [brdgrd (Bridge Guard)](https://github.com/NullHypothesis/brdgrd) - Protects Tor bridges from being scanned (and as a result blocked) by GFW probes. [How the Great Firewall of China is Blocking Tor](https://www.cs.kau.se/philwint/gfw/)
  - [Tor Proxy](https://onion.pet/) - Onion.pet - Tor2Web Darknet Proxy
  - [tor-proxy by Narasimha1997](https://github.com/Narasimha1997/tor-proxy) - An experimental Tor-Proxy serivce written in Go using Go-proxy and Go-libtor.
  - [Tor2web](https://github.com/tor2web/Tor2web) - Tor2web is an HTTP proxy software that enables access to Tor Hidden Services by mean of common web browsers. [tor2web.org](https://www.tor2web.org/)
  - [Nyx](https://nyx.torproject.org) - Command-line monitor for Tor. With this you can get detailed real-time information about your relay such as bandwidth usage, connections, logs, and much more.
- [Wiki - TorFAQ](https://gitlab.torproject.org/legacy/trac/-/wikis/doc/TorFAQ#CanexitnodeseavesdroponcommunicationsIsntthatbad)
    - [Wiki - TorPlusVPN](https://gitlab.torproject.org/legacy/trac/-/wikis/doc/TorPlusVPN)

  ##### Relays, statistics, operators
  - [Exit Failures](https://arthuredelstein.net/exits/)
  - [How can I get Tor to fully make use of my high capacity connection?](https://archives.seul.org/or/relays/Aug-2010/msg00034.html)
  - [OrNetStats](https://nusenu.github.io/OrNetStats/) - provides statistics about the Tor network and it operators.
  - [Setup for Middle/Guard Relay setup for Debian/Ubuntu](https://community.torproject.org/relay/setup/guard/debianubuntu)
  - [Relay Post-install and good practices](https://community.torproject.org/relay/setup/post-install)
  - [Tor Relay Search](https://metrics.torproject.org/rs.html#)
  - [yui.cat](https://yui.cat) - List of relays.


## Bypass Firewalls / Encapsulation traffic
- [CensoredPlanet.org](https://censoredplanet.org/)
- [Cloak](https://github.com/cbeuw/Cloak) - A censorship circumvention tool to evade detection by authoritarian state adversaries.
- [FindFrontableDomains](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/FindFrontableDomains) - Search for potential frontable domains.
- [Geneva](https://github.com/Kkevsterrr/geneva) - automated censorship evasion for the client-side and server-side 
  - [Article: Geneva tool lets you bypass censorship by merely doing nothing](https://www.hackread.com/geneva-tool-bypass-censorship-by-doing-nothing/)
- [Global Socket](https://github.com/hackerschoice/gsocket) - Connect like there is no firewall. Securely.
  - [Binary](https://github.com/hackerschoice/binary) - Binary and Static Releases.
- [ICMPTunnel](https://github.com/DhavalKapil/icmptunnel) - Transparently tunnel your IP traffic through ICMP echo and reply packets. [dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/](https://dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/)
- [Portmaster](https://github.com/safing/portmaster) - 🏔 Love Freedom - ❌ Block Mass Surveillance.
- [trojan](https://github.com/trojan-gfw/trojan) - An unidentifiable mechanism that helps you bypass GFW.
- [Udp2raw-tunnel](https://github.com/wangyu-/udp2raw-tunnel) - A Tunnel which turns UDP Traffic into Encrypted FakeTCP/UDP/ICMP Traffic by using Raw Socket, helps you Bypass UDP FireWalls(or Unstable UDP Environment).
- [VPN Pivot](https://github.com/0x36/VPNPivot) - Explore the network using VPNPivot tool.
- [WsTunnel](https://github.com/erebe/wstunnel) - Tunneling over websocket protocol - Static binary available.

## Disk Cleanup
- [drive-shred](https://github.com/elements518/drive-shred) - A simple script that is ideal to put on a small linux machine to be used to delete drives safely. 
- [LogShred](https://github.com/MrFlyingToasterman/LogShred) - GUI tool for shredding logfiles in Linux 
- [Permadelete](https://github.com/DevelopersTree/permadelete) - Permanently shreds files, easily. 
- [Secure-rm](https://github.com/secure-rm/core) - Completely erases files by making recovery impossible. (core library for secure-rm) 
- [secure-rm-cli](https://github.com/oganexon/secure-rm-cli) - Completely erases files by making recovery impossible. (CLI for secure-rm) 
- shred
````
shred -vzu -n5 pw.txt     #v=verbose z=zeros after hred u=remove file n=number of overwrites
shred -vfz /dev/sdb       #f=forces write permissions if missing
````
- [shred-go](https://github.com/lu4p/shred) - This is a libary to mimic the functionallity of the linux shred command. 
- [wiper](https://github.com/r3nt0n/wiper) - Toolkit to perform secure destruction of sensitive virtual data, temporary files and swap memories. 

## Network Simulation
- [flare-fakenet-ng](https://github.com/fireeye/flare-fakenet-ng) - Next Generation Dynamic Network Analysis Tool.
- [GNs3-server](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-server) - The GNS3 server manages emulators such as Dynamips, VirtualBox or Qemu/KVM. [www.gns3.com](https://www.gns3.com/)
  - [GNs3-gui](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-gui) - GNS3 Graphical Network Simulator.
- [INetSim](https://www.inetsim.org/) - software suite for simulating common internet services in a lab environment, e.g. for analyzing the network behaviour of unknown malware samples. 
- [The Shadow Simulator](https://github.com/shadow/shadow) - Shadow is a unique discrete-event network simulator that runs real applications like Tor, and distributed systems of thousands of nodes on a single machine. 


## Secure WebBrowsers
- Comodo Dragon https://www.comodo.com/home/browsers-toolbars/browser.php
- https://www.waterfox.net/
https://www.srware.net/iron/

Commit message:

Anonymity and Privacy for Advanced Linux User

Anonymity and Privacy/README.md, after:

 # Anonymity and Privacy

- [Anonymity and Privacy for Advanced Linux Users](https://we.riseup.net/opsec/anonymity-and-privacy-for-advanced-linux-users#secure-data-wiping-linux)
- [Privacy Guide: Fight Surveillance with Encryption and Privacy Tools](https://www.privacytools.io/)
- [Surveillance Self-Defense](https://ssd.eff.org/)

<br>

- [Checkip](https://github.com/jreisinger/checkip) -  Get (security) info about IP addresses.
- [Cidranger](https://github.com/yl2chen/cidranger) - Fast IP to CIDR lookup in Golang.
- [Darknet-tools](https://cybercoplabs.net/article/darknet-tools)
- [Firehol's blocklist-ipsets](https://github.com/firehol/blocklist-ipsets) - ipsets dynamically updated with firehol's update-ipsets.sh script.
- [Google-Chinese-Results-Blocklist](https://github.com/cobaltdisco/Google-Chinese-Results-Blocklist) - 我终于能用谷歌搜中文了…… 
- [Mmdb-server](https://github.com/adulau/mmdb-server) - mmdb-server is an open source fast API server to lookup IP addresses for their geographic location.
- [OSI-Model](https://osi-model.com/) - The OSI Model was designed in 1977 and is part of the ISO specifications since 1984. Each OSI layer serves a unique task for network communication.
- [qPeer](https://github.com/Quimzy/qPeer) - A peer-to-peer routing protocol to run your decentralized network.
- [Secure Distributed Network Time Synchronization](https://github.com/Kicksecure/sdwdate) - Secure Distributed Web Date; privacy, anonymity and Tor friendly; console time fetcher and daemon; optional graphical user interface etc. Website: https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/sdwdate 
- [shadowsocks](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-rust) - shadowsocks is a fast tunnel proxy that helps you bypass firewalls.
  - [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - Next Generation of ShadowsocksX 
- [TCP ISN CPU Information Leak Protection](https://github.com/Kicksecure/tirdad) - TCP ISN CPU Information Leak Protection. TCP Initial Sequence Numbers Randomization to prevent TCP ISN based CPU Information Leaks. 
- [Whoami Project](https://github.com/omer-dogan/kali-whoami) - Whoami is a privacy tool developed to keep you anonymous on Kali Linux at the highest level.
- [Yggdrasil](https://github.com/yggdrasil-network/yggdrasil-go) - An experiment in scalable routing as an encrypted IPv6 overlay network.
- [ZeroTierOne](https://github.com/zerotier/ZeroTierOne) - A Smart Ethernet Switch for Earth.

## Awesome
- [Awesome-network-stuff](https://github.com/alphaSeclab/awesome-network-stuff) - Resources about network security, including: Proxy/GFW/ReverseProxy/Tunnel/VPN/Tor/I2P, and MiTM/PortKnocking/NetworkSniff/NetworkAnalysis/etc。More than 1700 open source tools for now. Post incoming.
- [FreeNet Project](https://freenetproject.org)
- [ZeroNet](https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet#how-to-join) - Decentralized websites using Bitcoin crypto and BitTorrent network.


## Anonymity
- [Kloak - A keystroke anonymization Tool](https://github.com/vmonaco/kloak) - Keystroke-level online anonymization kernel: obfuscates typing behavior at the device level. 
- [I2P](https://github.com/PurpleI2P/i2pd) - 🛡 I2P: End-to-End encrypted and anonymous Internet 
- [Lokinet](https://github.com/oxen-io/lokinet) - Lokinet is an anonymous, decentralized and IP based overlay network for the internet. [lokinet.org](https://lokinet.org/)
- [ProxyChains by haad](https://github.com/haad/proxychains) - proxychains - a tool that forces any TCP connection made by any given application to follow through proxy like TOR or any other SOCKS4, SOCKS5 or HTTP(S) proxy. Supported auth-types: "user/pass" for SOCKS4/5, "basic" for HTTP.
- [ProxyChains-NG by rofl0r](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) - proxychains ng (new generation) - a preloader which hooks calls to sockets in dynamically linked programs and redirects it through one or more socks/http proxies. continuation of the unmaintained proxychains project. the sf.net page is currently not updated, use releases from github release page instead.

  #### TOR - The Onion Router
  - [Onionbalance v3](https://github.com/asn-d6/onionbalance/) - mirror of (https://gitlab.torproject.org/asn/onionbalance).
  - [Real-World Onion Sites](https://github.com/alecmuffett/real-world-onion-sites#tech-and-software) - list of substantial, commercial-or-social-good mainstream websites which provide onion services.
  - [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Online Anonymity ](https://github.com/NobodySpecial256/thgtoa)
  - [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) - Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication. The name derived from the acronym for the original software project name "The Onion Router". Tor directs Internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer overlay network consisting of more than seven thousand relays to conceal a user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis.
    - [brdgrd (Bridge Guard)](https://github.com/NullHypothesis/brdgrd) - Protects Tor bridges from being scanned (and as a result blocked) by GFW probes. [How the Great Firewall of China is Blocking Tor](https://www.cs.kau.se/philwint/gfw/)
  - [Tor Proxy](https://onion.pet/) - Onion.pet - Tor2Web Darknet Proxy
  - [tor-proxy by Narasimha1997](https://github.com/Narasimha1997/tor-proxy) - An experimental Tor-Proxy serivce written in Go using Go-proxy and Go-libtor.
  - [Tor2web](https://github.com/tor2web/Tor2web) - Tor2web is an HTTP proxy software that enables access to Tor Hidden Services by mean of common web browsers. [tor2web.org](https://www.tor2web.org/)
  - [Nyx](https://nyx.torproject.org) - Command-line monitor for Tor. With this you can get detailed real-time information about your relay such as bandwidth usage, connections, logs, and much more.
- [Wiki - TorFAQ](https://gitlab.torproject.org/legacy/trac/-/wikis/doc/TorFAQ#CanexitnodeseavesdroponcommunicationsIsntthatbad)
    - [Wiki - TorPlusVPN](https://gitlab.torproject.org/legacy/trac/-/wikis/doc/TorPlusVPN)

  ##### Relays, statistics, operators
  - [Exit Failures](https://arthuredelstein.net/exits/)
  - [How can I get Tor to fully make use of my high capacity connection?](https://archives.seul.org/or/relays/Aug-2010/msg00034.html)
  - [OrNetStats](https://nusenu.github.io/OrNetStats/) - provides statistics about the Tor network and it operators.
  - [Setup for Middle/Guard Relay setup for Debian/Ubuntu](https://community.torproject.org/relay/setup/guard/debianubuntu)
  - [Relay Post-install and good practices](https://community.torproject.org/relay/setup/post-install)
  - [Tor Relay Search](https://metrics.torproject.org/rs.html#)
  - [yui.cat](https://yui.cat) - List of relays.


## Bypass Firewalls / Encapsulation traffic
- [CensoredPlanet.org](https://censoredplanet.org/)
- [Cloak](https://github.com/cbeuw/Cloak) - A censorship circumvention tool to evade detection by authoritarian state adversaries.
- [FindFrontableDomains](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/FindFrontableDomains) - Search for potential frontable domains.
- [Geneva](https://github.com/Kkevsterrr/geneva) - automated censorship evasion for the client-side and server-side 
  - [Article: Geneva tool lets you bypass censorship by merely doing nothing](https://www.hackread.com/geneva-tool-bypass-censorship-by-doing-nothing/)
- [Global Socket](https://github.com/hackerschoice/gsocket) - Connect like there is no firewall. Securely.
  - [Binary](https://github.com/hackerschoice/binary) - Binary and Static Releases.
- [ICMPTunnel](https://github.com/DhavalKapil/icmptunnel) - Transparently tunnel your IP traffic through ICMP echo and reply packets. [dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/](https://dhavalkapil.com/icmptunnel/)
- [Portmaster](https://github.com/safing/portmaster) - 🏔 Love Freedom - ❌ Block Mass Surveillance.
- [trojan](https://github.com/trojan-gfw/trojan) - An unidentifiable mechanism that helps you bypass GFW.
- [Udp2raw-tunnel](https://github.com/wangyu-/udp2raw-tunnel) - A Tunnel which turns UDP Traffic into Encrypted FakeTCP/UDP/ICMP Traffic by using Raw Socket, helps you Bypass UDP FireWalls(or Unstable UDP Environment).
- [VPN Pivot](https://github.com/0x36/VPNPivot) - Explore the network using VPNPivot tool.
- [WsTunnel](https://github.com/erebe/wstunnel) - Tunneling over websocket protocol - Static binary available.

## Disk Cleanup
- [drive-shred](https://github.com/elements518/drive-shred) - A simple script that is ideal to put on a small linux machine to be used to delete drives safely. 
- [LogShred](https://github.com/MrFlyingToasterman/LogShred) - GUI tool for shredding logfiles in Linux 
- [Permadelete](https://github.com/DevelopersTree/permadelete) - Permanently shreds files, easily. 
- [Secure-rm](https://github.com/secure-rm/core) - Completely erases files by making recovery impossible. (core library for secure-rm) 
- [secure-rm-cli](https://github.com/oganexon/secure-rm-cli) - Completely erases files by making recovery impossible. (CLI for secure-rm) 
- shred
````
shred -vzu -n5 pw.txt     #v=verbose z=zeros after hred u=remove file n=number of overwrites
shred -vfz /dev/sdb       #f=forces write permissions if missing
````
- [shred-go](https://github.com/lu4p/shred) - This is a libary to mimic the functionallity of the linux shred command. 
- [wiper](https://github.com/r3nt0n/wiper) - Toolkit to perform secure destruction of sensitive virtual data, temporary files and swap memories. 

## Network Simulation
- [flare-fakenet-ng](https://github.com/fireeye/flare-fakenet-ng) - Next Generation Dynamic Network Analysis Tool.
- [GNs3-server](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-server) - The GNS3 server manages emulators such as Dynamips, VirtualBox or Qemu/KVM. [www.gns3.com](https://www.gns3.com/)
  - [GNs3-gui](https://github.com/GNS3/gns3-gui) - GNS3 Graphical Network Simulator.
- [INetSim](https://www.inetsim.org/) - software suite for simulating common internet services in a lab environment, e.g. for analyzing the network behaviour of unknown malware samples. 
- [The Shadow Simulator](https://github.com/shadow/shadow) - Shadow is a unique discrete-event network simulator that runs real applications like Tor, and distributed systems of thousands of nodes on a single machine. 


## Secure WebBrowsers
- Comodo Dragon https://www.comodo.com/home/browsers-toolbars/browser.php
- https://www.waterfox.net/
https://www.srware.net/iron/
