Tor/README.md, before:

## The Onion Router

- [How can I setup Bitcoin to be anonymous with Tor?](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/70069/how-can-i-setup-bitcoin-to-be-anonymous-with-tor)
- [Expose server behind NAT with Tor](https://golb.hplar.ch/2019/01/expose-server-tor.html)
- [Onioff](https://github.com/k4m4/onioff) - 🌰 An onion url inspector for inspecting deep web links.
- [Tor-Proxy](https://github.com/Narasimha1997/tor-proxy) - An experimental Tor-Proxy serivce written in Go using Go-proxy and Go-libtor.
- [Tor Flow Chart](https://torflow.uncharted.software)

## Setup
- [www.torproject.org/download/](https://www.torproject.org/download/)
<br>Linux
````powershell
sudo apt install tor torbrowser-launcher
sudo service tor status
netstat -tulpn | grep tor
````
 Install proxychains-ng to be able to run programs over Tor
````powershell
sudo apt install proxychains-ng -y
proxychains curl ifconfig.me                 # should list tor IP
proxychains program-name program-options
````

## Log Files and practical commands
````
sudo cat /var/log/syslog | grep tor -i
sudo journalctl -f -u tor@default | grep bootstrapped -i
sudo journalctl -u tor@default
sudo updatedb && locate tor.log
````
Paths used for logs:
````
/var/log/tor                  # Linux
/usr/local/var/log/tor.log    # MacOS
````

## OnionShare
- [onionshare.org](https://onionshare.org)
- [OnionShare's github](https://github.com/micahflee/onionshare) - Securely and anonymously share files, host websites, and chat with friends using the Tor network.
- [OnionShare's Documentation](https://docs.onionshare.org)
  - [Command-line Interface Documentation](https://docs.onionshare.org/2.3.1/en/advanced.html#command-line-interface)

Mac Setup
````powershell
brew install --cask onionshare
````
Linux setup
````powershell
sudo apt install onionshare
onionshare-cli --chat                                                        # start a chat server
onionshare-cli --receive --persistent ~/anon-dropbox.session --public        # start a persistent anonymous dropbox
````

## Whonix
- [Whonix ™ for KVM](https://www.whonix.org/wiki/KVM)
Commands
````
tar -xvf Whonix-*.xz
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-define Whonix_external*.xml
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-define Whonix_internal*.xml
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-autostart Whonix-External
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-start Whonix-External
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-autostart Whonix-Internal
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-start Whonix-Internal
````
- Access over vnc: edit `/etc/libvirt/qemu.conf` and restart libvirtd
- KVM image failed to start with virsh, permission denied
````
User = "root"
group = "root"
vnc_listen = "0.0.0.0"
virt-viewer vnc://localhost:5901
````

## Useful Resources
- [Active Onions](https://github.com/k4m4/active-onions) - Filter out inactive onions from an array of onion URLs.
- [Check.torproject.org](https://check.torproject.org/cgi-bin/TorBulkExitList.py?ip=1.1.1.1) - A list of all Tor exit nodes from the past 16 hours that can contact 1.1.1.1 on port 80
- [Dan.me.uk](https://www.dan.me.uk/torlist/) - A page containing a full TOR nodelist.
- [DEEP_WEB_LINKS_COLLECTION.md](https://gist.github.com/vyach-vasiliev/045af4c70cf2ed35c6091b4705093017)
- [Eschalot](https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy/eschalot) - It is important to stress that we have not written this piece of software (see LICENSE).
- [Fresh Onions TOR Hidden Service Crawler](https://github.com/dirtyfilthy/freshonions-torscraper) - Fresh Onions is an open source TOR spider / hidden service onion crawler hosted at zlal32teyptf4tvi.onion.
- [Hosting](https://github.com/DanWin/hosting) - Setup for a Tor based shared web hosting server.
- [Multitor](https://github.com/trimstray/multitor) -  Create multiple TOR instances with a load-balancing.
- [Onion-Hunter](https://github.com/cribdragg3r/Onion-Hunter) - _Hunt and Analyze Tor Onion Sites._
- [Onion-link-list](https://github.com/DanWin/onion-link-list) - A set of scripts to list tor hidden services.
- [PICKYONION](https://github.com/maliciousgroup/PICKYONION) - PICKYONION is a private red team python library focused on leveraging TOR to establish secure communication and hidden service hosting.
- [Real-world-onion-sites](https://github.com/alecmuffett/real-world-onion-sites) - list of substantial, commercial-or-social-good mainstream websites which provide onion services. 
- [Stem.torproject.org](https://stem.torproject.org)
- [tor_ip_switcher](https://github.com/ruped24/tor_ip_switcher) - tor_ip_switcher is useful for making any DoS attack look like a DDoS attack. Works with toriptables2.
- [Tor Bot](https://github.com/DedSecInside/TorBoT) - Dark Web OSINT Tool.
- [Tor-detect](https://github.com/k4m4/tor-detect) - Detect whether an IP address belongs to a Tor exit node.
- [Tor Iptables2](https://github.com/ruped24/toriptables2) - Tor Iptables script is an anonymizer that sets up iptables and tor to route all services and traffic including DNS through the Tor network.
- [Tor Status](https://torstatus.rueckgr.at)
  - Tor Status - https://jlve2y45zacpbz6s.tor2web.io
  - [Tor Status Github](https://github.com/paulchen/torstatus)

### Onion Services
- Ahmia.fi - http://haystakvxad7wbk5.onion/
- DuckDuckGo - https://3g2upl4pq6kufc4m.onion
- Haystak - http://haystakvxad7wbk5.onion/
- Index of torproject.org - http://sdscoq7snqtznauu.onion
- NotEvil Dark Web - https://3g2upl4pq6kufc4m.onion/ 
- ProtonMail - https://protonirockerxow.onion
- Torch - http://cnkj6nippubgycuj.onion/

### Collections
- [DEEP WEB LINKS COLLECTION](https://gist.github.com/vyach-vasiliev/045af4c70cf2ed35c6091b4705093017)

Commit message:

The Vanguards Onion Service Addon, vanguards-example.conf

Tor/README.md, after:

## The Onion Router

- [How can I setup Bitcoin to be anonymous with Tor?](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/70069/how-can-i-setup-bitcoin-to-be-anonymous-with-tor)
- [Expose server behind NAT with Tor](https://golb.hplar.ch/2019/01/expose-server-tor.html)
- [Onioff](https://github.com/k4m4/onioff) - 🌰 An onion url inspector for inspecting deep web links.
- [Tor-Proxy](https://github.com/Narasimha1997/tor-proxy) - An experimental Tor-Proxy serivce written in Go using Go-proxy and Go-libtor.
- [Tor Flow Chart](https://torflow.uncharted.software)

## Setup
- [www.torproject.org/download/](https://www.torproject.org/download/)
<br>Linux
````powershell
sudo apt install tor torbrowser-launcher
sudo service tor status
netstat -tulpn | grep tor
````
 Install proxychains-ng to be able to run programs over Tor
````powershell
sudo apt install proxychains-ng -y
proxychains curl ifconfig.me                 # should list tor IP
proxychains program-name program-options
````

## Log Files and practical commands
````
sudo cat /var/log/syslog | grep tor -i
sudo journalctl -f -u tor@default | grep bootstrapped -i
sudo journalctl -u tor@default
sudo updatedb && locate tor.log
````
Paths used for logs:
````
/var/log/tor                  # Linux
/usr/local/var/log/tor.log    # MacOS
````

## OnionShare
- [onionshare.org](https://onionshare.org)
- [OnionShare's github](https://github.com/micahflee/onionshare) - Securely and anonymously share files, host websites, and chat with friends using the Tor network.
- [OnionShare's Documentation](https://docs.onionshare.org)
  - [Command-line Interface Documentation](https://docs.onionshare.org/2.3.1/en/advanced.html#command-line-interface)

Mac Setup
````powershell
brew install --cask onionshare
````
Linux setup
````powershell
sudo apt install onionshare
onionshare-cli --chat                                                        # start a chat server
onionshare-cli --receive --persistent ~/anon-dropbox.session --public        # start a persistent anonymous dropbox
````

## Whonix
- [Whonix ™ for KVM](https://www.whonix.org/wiki/KVM)
Commands
````
tar -xvf Whonix-*.xz
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-define Whonix_external*.xml
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-define Whonix_internal*.xml
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-autostart Whonix-External
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-start Whonix-External
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-autostart Whonix-Internal
sudo virsh -c qemu:///system net-start Whonix-Internal
````
- Access over vnc: edit `/etc/libvirt/qemu.conf` and restart libvirtd
- KVM image failed to start with virsh, permission denied
````
User = "root"
group = "root"
vnc_listen = "0.0.0.0"
virt-viewer vnc://localhost:5901
````

## Useful Resources
- [Active Onions](https://github.com/k4m4/active-onions) - Filter out inactive onions from an array of onion URLs.
- [Check.torproject.org](https://check.torproject.org/cgi-bin/TorBulkExitList.py?ip=1.1.1.1) - A list of all Tor exit nodes from the past 16 hours that can contact 1.1.1.1 on port 80
- [Dan.me.uk](https://www.dan.me.uk/torlist/) - A page containing a full TOR nodelist.
- [DEEP_WEB_LINKS_COLLECTION.md](https://gist.github.com/vyach-vasiliev/045af4c70cf2ed35c6091b4705093017)
- [Eschalot](https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy/eschalot) - It is important to stress that we have not written this piece of software (see LICENSE).
- [Fresh Onions TOR Hidden Service Crawler](https://github.com/dirtyfilthy/freshonions-torscraper) - Fresh Onions is an open source TOR spider / hidden service onion crawler hosted at zlal32teyptf4tvi.onion.
- [Hosting](https://github.com/DanWin/hosting) - Setup for a Tor based shared web hosting server.
- [Multitor](https://github.com/trimstray/multitor) -  Create multiple TOR instances with a load-balancing.
- [Onion-Hunter](https://github.com/cribdragg3r/Onion-Hunter) - _Hunt and Analyze Tor Onion Sites._
- [Onion-link-list](https://github.com/DanWin/onion-link-list) - A set of scripts to list tor hidden services.
- [PICKYONION](https://github.com/maliciousgroup/PICKYONION) - PICKYONION is a private red team python library focused on leveraging TOR to establish secure communication and hidden service hosting.
- [Real-world-onion-sites](https://github.com/alecmuffett/real-world-onion-sites) - list of substantial, commercial-or-social-good mainstream websites which provide onion services. 
- [Stem.torproject.org](https://stem.torproject.org)
- [The Vanguards Onion Service Addon](https://github.com/mikeperry-tor/vanguards) - Vanguards help guard you from getting vanned...
  - [vanguards-example.conf](https://github.com/mikeperry-tor/vanguards/blob/master/vanguards-example.conf)
- [tor_ip_switcher](https://github.com/ruped24/tor_ip_switcher) - tor_ip_switcher is useful for making any DoS attack look like a DDoS attack. Works with toriptables2.
- [Tor Bot](https://github.com/DedSecInside/TorBoT) - Dark Web OSINT Tool.
- [Tor-detect](https://github.com/k4m4/tor-detect) - Detect whether an IP address belongs to a Tor exit node.
- [Tor Iptables2](https://github.com/ruped24/toriptables2) - Tor Iptables script is an anonymizer that sets up iptables and tor to route all services and traffic including DNS through the Tor network.
- [Tor Status](https://torstatus.rueckgr.at)
  - Tor Status - https://jlve2y45zacpbz6s.tor2web.io
  - [Tor Status Github](https://github.com/paulchen/torstatus)

### Onion Services
- Ahmia.fi - http://haystakvxad7wbk5.onion/
- DuckDuckGo - https://3g2upl4pq6kufc4m.onion
- Haystak - http://haystakvxad7wbk5.onion/
- Index of torproject.org - http://sdscoq7snqtznauu.onion
- NotEvil Dark Web - https://3g2upl4pq6kufc4m.onion/ 
- ProtonMail - https://protonirockerxow.onion
- Torch - http://cnkj6nippubgycuj.onion/

### Collections
- [DEEP WEB LINKS COLLECTION](https://gist.github.com/vyach-vasiliev/045af4c70cf2ed35c6091b4705093017)
