Macbook Pro/README.md, before:

# Macbook Pro Resources

Table of content
1. [Collection of various resources](#collection-of-various-resources)
2. [Jailbreaking](#jailbreaking)
3. [Music](#music)
    - [Sound](#sound) 
4. [Network](#Network)
    - [Proxy](#proxy)
    - [Security](#security)
5. [Tools](#tools)
    - [Creating a startup script](#creating-a-startup-script)
    - [Creating Bootable USB](#Creating-Bootable-USB)
    - [App Development](#App-Development)
    - [Package Managers](#Package-Managers)
    - [Security](#security)
    - [Virtualization](#Virtualization)
6. [Macbook with Linux resources](#Macbook-with-Linux-resources)
    - [Macbook Pro 14.3 (late 2017)](#macbook-pro-143-late-2017)
    - [Status](#status)
7. [Productivity](#Productivity)
    - [Automation](#Automation)
    - [Office Tools](#Office-Tools)
    - [Time Management](#Time-Management)

<br>


## Collection of various resources
- [Awesome Mac - jaywcjlove](https://github.com/jaywcjlove/awesome-mac)
- [Awesome macOS - iCHAIT](https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-macOS) -  A curated list of awesome applications, softwares, tools and shiny things for macOS.
- [Awesome-macos-commandline](https://github.com/phmullins/awesome-macos-commandline) - A curated list of awesome command-line software for macOS.
- [Awesome macOS open source applications by  serhii-londar](https://github.com/serhii-londar/open-source-mac-os-apps)
- [Cmatrix](https://github.com/levithomason/cmatrix) - The original Matrix effect for your Mac terminal.
- [Does it ARM](https://github.com/ThatGuySam/doesitarm) - 🦾 A list of reported app support for Apple Silicon and the new Apple M1 Macs.
- [Download-BigSur](https://github.com/chris1111/Download-BigSur) - Simple macOS Appplication for downloading macOS Big Sur 11.
- [Mac Apps](https://github.com/jeffreyjackson/mac-apps)
- [MacOS-Security-and-Privacy-Guide ](https://github.com/drduh/macOS-Security-and-Privacy-Guide) - Guide to securing and improving privacy on macOS.
- [MacOS-Security-Research](https://github.com/0xmachos/macOS-Security-Research) - macOS Security Research
- [MOSL](https://github.com/0xmachos/mOSL) - Bash script to audit and fix macOS Catalina (10.15.x) security settings

- [Softwareupdate-full-installer](https://github.com/chris1111/Softwareupdate-full-installer) - Command Line script to download Install macOS 

## Jailbreaking
- [Palera1n](https://github.com/palera1n/palera1n) - iOS 15.0-16.2 (semi-)tethered checkm8 jailbreak


## Music
- [Beardedspice](https://github.com/beardedspice/beardedspice) - Mac Media Keys for the Masses.
- [Cumulus](https://github.com/gillesdemey/Cumulus) - ☁️ A SoundCloud player that lives in your menubar.
- [eqMac](https://github.com/bitgapp/eqMac) - macOS System-wide Audio Equalizer 🎧 [eqmac.app](https://eqmac.app).
- [SoundCleod](https://github.com/salomvary/soundcleod) - SoundCloud for macOS and Windows.
- [Soundnode](https://www.soundnodeapp.com) - An opensource SoundCloud app for Desktop.
- [Vox](https://vox.rocks/) - Premium Mac Music Player for Hi-Res music through the popular sources.

  ### Sound
  - [Ballast](https://github.com/jamsinclair/ballast) - Keep your audio balance from drifting! OSX Status Bar App
    - [Bug: MacBook Pro Bluetooth Audio balance keeps changing by itself](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/280145/macbook-pro-bluetooth-audio-balance-keeps-changing-by-itself)
  - [BlackHole](https://github.com/ExistentialAudio/BlackHole) - BlackHole is a modern macOS virtual audio driver that allows applications to pass audio to other applications with zero additional latency.


## Network
- [iOS/macOS Research Swiss Army Knife ](https://github.com/blacktop/ipsw)
- [LocationSimulator](https://github.com/Schlaubischlump/LocationSimulator) - MacOS 10.15 / 11.0 application to spoof your iOS / iPadOS or iPhoneSimulator device location. WatchOS and TvOS are partially supported.
  - [iOS Location Tester](https://github.com/pjaton/LocationTester) - An iOS application to test the CLLocationManager location, significant change and region monitoring.
- [LuLu](https://github.com/objective-see/LuLu) - LuLu is the free macOS firewall.
  - Install with `brew install lulu`
- [Netiquette](https://github.com/objective-see/Netiquette) - Network Monitor (NICE)

- Tor
  - The torrc file is located at `~/Library/Application Support/TorBrowser-Data/Tor`
````powershell
brew install tor
brew services start tor
brew info tor
ps axu | grep "/bin/tor"
````

  ### Proxy
  - [clashX](https://github.com/yichengchen/clashX) - A rule based proxy For Mac base on Clash.
  - [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - Next Generation of ShadowsocksX.
  
  ### Security
  - Enable touchID in terminal. Add `auth sufficient pam_tid.so` to the top of the list in the file `/etc/pam.d/sudo`. Save and open new terminal.
  - [DoNotDisturb](https://github.com/objective-see/DoNotDisturb) - Detect Evil Maid Attacks. 'Do Not Disturb' (DnD) is a free open-source security tool for macOS that aims to detect unauthorized physical access to your laptop!
  - [Dylib Hijack Scanner](https://objective-see.com/products/dhs.html)
  - [Mac-monitor](https://github.com/redcanaryco/mac-monitor) - Red Canary Mac Monitor is an advanced, stand-alone system monitoring tool tailor-made for macOS security research. Beginning with Endpoint Security (ES), it collects and enriches system events, displaying them graphically, with an expansive feature set designed to reduce noise.

  - [ReiKey](https://github.com/objective-see/ReiKey) - Malware and other applications may install persistent keyboard "event taps" to intercept your keystrokes. ReiKey can scan, detect, and monitor for such taps!



## Tools
- [AlDente](https://github.com/davidwernhart/AlDente) - macOS tool to limit maximum charging percentage.
- [AppleALC](https://github.com/acidanthera/AppleALC) - Native macOS HD audio for not officially supported codecs.
- [Blear](https://github.com/sindresorhus/blear) - iOS app that transforms your photos into stunning blurry wallpapers for your device.
- [Brightness](https://github.com/nriley/brightness) - Command-line display brightness control for macOS.
- [DiskUtilityUnhide](https://github.com/jacklukem/DiskUtilityUnhide) - to show all hidden EFIs and any APFS subvolumes.
- [DisplayLink Manager Graphics Connectivity](https://www.synaptics.com/products/displaylink-graphics/downloads/macos-connectivity-1.8?filetype=exe) - _"DisplayLink Manager is a new way to enable your DisplayLink dock, adapter or monitor on macOS platforms. It's an application that combines our latest driver with features that streamline the setup of mutliple displays up to 4K."_
- [Eul](https://github.com/gao-sun/eul) - 🖥️ macOS status monitoring app written in SwiftUI.
- [HexFiend](https://github.com/HexFiend/HexFiend) - A fast and clever hex editor for macOS
- [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk15-downloads.html) - Go and download the .dmg file and follow instructions.
- [IntelBluetoothFirmware](https://github.com/OpenIntelWireless/IntelBluetoothFirmware) - Intel Bluetooth Drivers for macOS.
- [itlwm](https://github.com/OpenIntelWireless/itlwm) - Intel Wi-Fi Drivers for macOS.
- [Keka](https://github.com/aonez/Keka) - The macOS file archiver.
- [lsusb](https://github.com/jlhonora/lsusb) - Install with `brew install lsusb`
  - Use this in stead `brew install -s usbutils`
- [MacForge](https://github.com/MacEnhance/MacForge) - Plugin, App, and Theme store which includes plugin injection for macOS.
- [MacHack](https://github.com/kendfinger/MacHack) - Hidden Tools in macOS.
- [MacOS Fortress](https://github.com/essandess/macOS-Fortress) - Firewall and Privatizing Proxy for Trackers, Attackers, Malware, Adware, and Spammers with Anti-Virus On-Demand and On-Access Scanning (PF, squid, privoxy, hphosts, dshield, emergingthreats, hostsfile, PAC file, clamav).
- [Macos-scripts](https://github.com/0xmachos/macos-scripts) - Various scripts for macOS tasks
- [OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher](https://github.com/dortania/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher/) - Experience macOS just like before
- [ProcessMonitor](https://github.com/objective-see/ProcessMonitor) - Process Monitor Library (based on Apple's new Endpoint Security Framework.
- [The Unarchiver](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/the-unarchiver/id425424353?mt=12) - Open any archive in seconds.
- [RadeonSensor](https://github.com/aluveitie/RadeonSensor) - Kext and Gadget to show Radeon GPU temperature on macOS.
- [Remote Desktop Manager Free](https://remotedesktopmanager.com/home/downloadfree) - Windows, Mac, Linux, Android & iOS.
- [Shield](https://github.com/theevilbit/Shield) - An app to protect against process injection on macOS.
- [SMCKit](https://github.com/beltex/SMCKit) - Apple SMC library & tool.
- [Sudo-touchid - artginzburg](https://github.com/artginzburg/sudo-touchid) -  Permanent TouchID support 👆 for `sudo`.
  - [Sudo-touchid - mattrajca](https://github.com/mattrajca/sudo-touchid) - A fork of `sudo` with Touch ID support.

- [TB3 enabler](https://github.com/KhaosT/tb3-enabler) - Enable Thunderbolt 3 for unsupported peripherals on macOS.
- [WhateverGreen](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen) - Various patches necessary for certain ATI/AMD/Intel/Nvidia GPUs.
- [WineBottler](https://winebottler.kronenberg.org) - Run .exe files on Macbook using Wine. Logfile: `~/Library/Logs/Wine.log`
- [WineHQ for MacOS](https://wiki.winehq.org/MacOS) - Requires `brew install xquartz` >= 2.7.7. [xquartz.org](https://www.xquartz.org) `brew cask install wine-stable`

  ### Creating a startup script
  ````
  touch ~/Library/Scripts/script.sh && chmod +x ~/Library/Scripts/script.sh
  touch startup.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents
  ````
  - Add this:
````
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
<dict>
    <key>Label</key>
    <string> My script </string>
    <key>ProgramArguments</key>
    <array>
        <string>/Users/MYNAME/Library/Scripts/script.sh</string>
    </array>
    <key>RunAtLoad</key>
    <true/>
</dict>
</plist>
````
  

  ### Creating Bootable USB
  - [Apple-Create-Install-Media](https://github.com/chris1111/Apple-Create-Install-Media) - macOS Applications for creating a bootable volume of macOS.
  - dd - check my [Disk CheatSheet notes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/CheatSheets/blob/main/Linux/Disk.md)
  - diskutil command. Procedure is as follows
````
diskutil list
diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disknumber
sudo dd if=/path/to/image.iso of=/dev/rdisknumber bs=1m>
sudo dd if=/Users/user_name/Downloads/CentOS-8-x86_64-boot.iso of=/dev/rdisk2
````
  
  ### App Development
  - [Create-DMG](https://github.com/create-dmg/create-dmg) - A shell script to build fancy DMGs.
  - [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) - Add “Launch at Login” functionality to your macOS app in seconds.
  - [Node-appDMG](https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg) - 💾 Generate your app dmgs.
  - [Rumps](https://github.com/jaredks/rumps) - Ridiculously Uncomplicated macOS Python Statusbar apps.
  - [Tray Example](https://github.com/kevinsawicki/tray-example) - Electron Tray Mac OS X Example App.
  
  ### Package Managers
  - [Brew / HomeBrew](https://brew.sh/) - Package Manager for Linux and MacOS. 
    - [Documentation](https://docs.brew.sh)
    - [Homebrew-autoupdate](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-autoupdate) - :tropical_drink: An easy, convenient way to automatically update Homebrew.
   - Quick install:
````
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
````
  - [Homebrew gathers anonymous aggregate user behaviour analytics using Google Analytics. ](https://docs.brew.sh/Analytics#opting-out)
  - To opt out of analytics, run
````
export HOMEBREW_NO_ANALYTICS=1
brew analytics off
````
  - [Macports-ports](https://github.com/macports/macports-ports) - The MacPorts ports tree - [Available software](https://ports.macports.org/)


    ### Security
    - [Secretive](https://github.com/maxgoedjen/secretive) - Store SSH keys in the Secure Enclave


    ### Virtualization
    - [Getutm](https://mac.getutm.app/)
    - [Macos_virtualization](https://github.com/AriESQ/macos_virtualization) - Notes on macos virtualization with a focus on running guest OS on Apple M1 Silicon
    - [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/download/#macos) - May be installed with `brew install qemu`.
    - [Parallels Desktop ($)](https://www.parallels.com/eu/) - The fastest, easiest and most powerful application for running Windows on Mac—without rebooting. Includes 30+ utilities to simplify everyday tasks on Mac and Windows.
      - [PD-Runner](https://github.com/utsanjan/PD-Runner) - PD Runner is an unlimited trial launcher to run Parallels Desktop on your macOS
    - [VirtualBuddy](https://github.com/insidegui/VirtualBuddy) - Virtualize macOS 12 and later on Apple Silicon
    - [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org)
    - [VMWare Fusion](https://www.vmware.com/products/fusion/fusion-evaluation.html)
      - [Open Virtualization Format Tool (ovftool)](https://code.vmware.com/web/tool/4.4.0/ovf) - VMware OVF Tool is a command-line utility that allows you to import and export OVF packages to and from many VMware products.

## Macbook with Linux resources
- [Asahi Linux ](https://asahilinux.org/) <-- NICE: "Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux® experience on Apple Silicon Macs."
- [bcwc_pcie](https://github.com/patjak/bcwc_pcie) - Reverse engineered Linux driver for the FacetimeHD (Broadcom 1570) PCIe webcam.
- [Hw-probe](https://github.com/linuxhw/hw-probe) - Probe for hardware, check operability and find drivers.
- [Linux ARM M1](https://github.com/corellium/linux-m1)
- [Linuxbrew Core](https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew-core) - [Linuxbrew documentation](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux)
- [mbpfan](https://github.com/linux-on-mac/mbpfan) - A simple daemon to control fan speed on all MacBook/MacBook Pros (probably all Apple computers) for Linux Kernel 3 and newer
- [mbp-ubuntu-kernel](https://github.com/marcosfad/mbp-ubuntu-kernel) - Ubuntu Kernel for MacBook Pro (incl. T2 patches).
- [Roadrunner2's macbook12-spi-driver](https://github.com/roadrunner2/macbook12-spi-driver) - Input driver for the SPI keyboard / trackpad found on 12" MacBooks (2015 and later) and newer MacBook Pros (late 2016 through mid 2018), as well a simple touchbar and ambient-light-sensor driver for late 2016 MacBook Pro's and later.

  ### Macbook Pro 14.3 (late 2017)
  - [BCM43602_macbookpro](https://github.com/andyholst/BCM43602_macbookpro) - Bruteforce test the boardflags 3 for 2.4 Ghz and 5 Ghz band
    - [Solution which makes the wifi work](https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=193121#c52) - [Original thread](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux/issues/47)
    - [Maybe this works brcmfmac43602-pcie.txt](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux/files/4977482/brcmfmac43602-pcie.txt)
  - [Sonal's macbookpro14-3 repo](https://github.com/sonals/macbookpro14-3)
  - [ubuntu-22.04-mbp-a1707.md](https://gist.github.com/rob-hills/9134b7352ee7471c4d4f4fbd6454c4b9)

  ### Status
- [Linux support for Apple devices with the T2 security chip](https://t2linux.org/) - [Wiki](https://github.com/t2linux/wiki)
- [State of Linux on the MacBook Pro 2016 & 2017](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux) - Provides an overview about Linux support for Apple's MacBook Pro 2016 and MacBook Pro 2017 models.


## Productivity
- [Actions](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Actions) - ⚙️ Supercharge your shortcuts 
- [AirUnlock-for-Mac (Archived)](https://github.com/pinetum/AirUnlock-for-Mac) - Using android phone to establish a connection with your Mac via Bluetooth low-energy (BLE), controlling Mac lock state (Lock or Unlock).
- [Fanny](https://github.com/DanielStormApps/Fanny) - Monitor your Mac's fan speed and CPU/GPU temperature from your Notification Center. [fannywidget.com](https://www.fannywidget.com)
- [KeepingYouAwake](https://github.com/newmarcel/KeepingYouAwake) - A Caffeine clone for macOS. Prevents your Mac from going to sleep.
- [Klaxon](https://github.com/knowsuchagency/klaxon) - Send Mac OS (or notifiers) notifications from the terminal or Python programs.
- [MacOS Big Sur - Replacements Icons](https://github.com/elrumo/macOS_Big_Sur_icons_replacements) -  Replacement icons for popular apps in the style of macOS Big Sur.
- [PodcastMenu](https://github.com/insidegui/PodcastMenu) - Put Overcast on your Mac's menu bar.
- [Spectacle app](https://www.spectacleapp.com/) - Move and resize windows with ease. (Important note: Spectacle is no longer being actively maintained)
  - [Spectacle Github](https://github.com/eczarny/spectacle) - Spectacle allows you to organize your windows without using a mouse.
- [Yabai](https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai) - yabai is a window management utility that is designed to work as an extension to the built-in window manager of macOS. yabai allows you to control your windows, spaces and displays freely using an intuitive command line interface and optionally set user-defined keyboard shortcuts using [skhd](https://github.com/koekeishiya/skhd) and other third-party software.

  ### Automation
  - [Hammerspoon](https://github.com/Hammerspoon/hammerspoon) - Staggeringly powerful macOS desktop automation with Lua.
  - [Mjolnir](https://github.com/mjolnirapp/mjolnir) - Lightweight automation and productivity app for OS X.
  
  ### Office Tools
  - [Craft](https://www.craft.do/) - A fresh take on documents.
  - [TmpNote](https://github.com/buddax2/tmpNote) - Yet another simple notes app. [AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tmpnote/id1293664761?l=ru&ls=1&mt=12)
  - [Tyke.app](https://tyke.app/) - A little bit of scratch paper 📝 that lives on your Mac menu bar.
  
  ### Time Management
  - [Countdown](https://github.com/funway/Countdown) - A countdown task App on macOS.
  - [MenubarCountdown](https://github.com/kristopherjohnson/MenubarCountdown) - Menubar countdown timer for macOS.
  - [MeetingBar ](https://github.com/leits/MeetingBar) - 🇺🇦 Your meetings at your fingertips in the macOS menu bar

Commit message:

Acces your iPhone on Linux

Macbook Pro/README.md, after:

# Macbook Pro Resources

Table of content
1. [Collection of various resources](#collection-of-various-resources)
2. [Jailbreaking](#jailbreaking)
3. [Music](#music)
    - [Sound](#sound) 
4. [Network](#Network)
    - [Proxy](#proxy)
    - [Security](#security)
5. [Tools](#tools)
    - [Creating a startup script](#creating-a-startup-script)
    - [Creating Bootable USB](#Creating-Bootable-USB)
    - [App Development](#App-Development)
    - [Package Managers](#Package-Managers)
    - [Security](#security)
    - [Virtualization](#Virtualization)
6. [Macbook with Linux resources](#Macbook-with-Linux-resources)
    - [Acces your iPhone on Linux](#Acces-your-iPhone-on-Linux)
    - [Macbook Pro 14.3 (late 2017)](#macbook-pro-143-late-2017)
    - [Status](#status)
8. [Productivity](#Productivity)
    - [Automation](#Automation)
    - [Office Tools](#Office-Tools)
    - [Time Management](#Time-Management)

<br>


## Collection of various resources
- [Awesome Mac - jaywcjlove](https://github.com/jaywcjlove/awesome-mac)
- [Awesome macOS - iCHAIT](https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-macOS) -  A curated list of awesome applications, softwares, tools and shiny things for macOS.
- [Awesome-macos-commandline](https://github.com/phmullins/awesome-macos-commandline) - A curated list of awesome command-line software for macOS.
- [Awesome macOS open source applications by  serhii-londar](https://github.com/serhii-londar/open-source-mac-os-apps)
- [Cmatrix](https://github.com/levithomason/cmatrix) - The original Matrix effect for your Mac terminal.
- [Does it ARM](https://github.com/ThatGuySam/doesitarm) - 🦾 A list of reported app support for Apple Silicon and the new Apple M1 Macs.
- [Download-BigSur](https://github.com/chris1111/Download-BigSur) - Simple macOS Appplication for downloading macOS Big Sur 11.
- [Mac Apps](https://github.com/jeffreyjackson/mac-apps)
- [MacOS-Security-and-Privacy-Guide ](https://github.com/drduh/macOS-Security-and-Privacy-Guide) - Guide to securing and improving privacy on macOS.
- [MacOS-Security-Research](https://github.com/0xmachos/macOS-Security-Research) - macOS Security Research
- [MOSL](https://github.com/0xmachos/mOSL) - Bash script to audit and fix macOS Catalina (10.15.x) security settings

- [Softwareupdate-full-installer](https://github.com/chris1111/Softwareupdate-full-installer) - Command Line script to download Install macOS 

## Jailbreaking
- [Palera1n](https://github.com/palera1n/palera1n) - iOS 15.0-16.2 (semi-)tethered checkm8 jailbreak


## Music
- [Beardedspice](https://github.com/beardedspice/beardedspice) - Mac Media Keys for the Masses.
- [Cumulus](https://github.com/gillesdemey/Cumulus) - ☁️ A SoundCloud player that lives in your menubar.
- [eqMac](https://github.com/bitgapp/eqMac) - macOS System-wide Audio Equalizer 🎧 [eqmac.app](https://eqmac.app).
- [SoundCleod](https://github.com/salomvary/soundcleod) - SoundCloud for macOS and Windows.
- [Soundnode](https://www.soundnodeapp.com) - An opensource SoundCloud app for Desktop.
- [Vox](https://vox.rocks/) - Premium Mac Music Player for Hi-Res music through the popular sources.

  ### Sound
  - [Ballast](https://github.com/jamsinclair/ballast) - Keep your audio balance from drifting! OSX Status Bar App
    - [Bug: MacBook Pro Bluetooth Audio balance keeps changing by itself](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/280145/macbook-pro-bluetooth-audio-balance-keeps-changing-by-itself)
  - [BlackHole](https://github.com/ExistentialAudio/BlackHole) - BlackHole is a modern macOS virtual audio driver that allows applications to pass audio to other applications with zero additional latency.


## Network
- [iOS/macOS Research Swiss Army Knife ](https://github.com/blacktop/ipsw)
- [LocationSimulator](https://github.com/Schlaubischlump/LocationSimulator) - MacOS 10.15 / 11.0 application to spoof your iOS / iPadOS or iPhoneSimulator device location. WatchOS and TvOS are partially supported.
  - [iOS Location Tester](https://github.com/pjaton/LocationTester) - An iOS application to test the CLLocationManager location, significant change and region monitoring.
- [LuLu](https://github.com/objective-see/LuLu) - LuLu is the free macOS firewall.
  - Install with `brew install lulu`
- [Netiquette](https://github.com/objective-see/Netiquette) - Network Monitor (NICE)

- Tor
  - The torrc file is located at `~/Library/Application Support/TorBrowser-Data/Tor`
````powershell
brew install tor
brew services start tor
brew info tor
ps axu | grep "/bin/tor"
````

  ### Proxy
  - [clashX](https://github.com/yichengchen/clashX) - A rule based proxy For Mac base on Clash.
  - [ShadowsocksX-NG](https://github.com/shadowsocks/ShadowsocksX-NG) - Next Generation of ShadowsocksX.
  
  ### Security
  - Enable touchID in terminal. Add `auth sufficient pam_tid.so` to the top of the list in the file `/etc/pam.d/sudo`. Save and open new terminal.
  - [DoNotDisturb](https://github.com/objective-see/DoNotDisturb) - Detect Evil Maid Attacks. 'Do Not Disturb' (DnD) is a free open-source security tool for macOS that aims to detect unauthorized physical access to your laptop!
  - [Dylib Hijack Scanner](https://objective-see.com/products/dhs.html)
  - [Mac-monitor](https://github.com/redcanaryco/mac-monitor) - Red Canary Mac Monitor is an advanced, stand-alone system monitoring tool tailor-made for macOS security research. Beginning with Endpoint Security (ES), it collects and enriches system events, displaying them graphically, with an expansive feature set designed to reduce noise.

  - [ReiKey](https://github.com/objective-see/ReiKey) - Malware and other applications may install persistent keyboard "event taps" to intercept your keystrokes. ReiKey can scan, detect, and monitor for such taps!



## Tools
- [AlDente](https://github.com/davidwernhart/AlDente) - macOS tool to limit maximum charging percentage.
- [AppleALC](https://github.com/acidanthera/AppleALC) - Native macOS HD audio for not officially supported codecs.
- [Blear](https://github.com/sindresorhus/blear) - iOS app that transforms your photos into stunning blurry wallpapers for your device.
- [Brightness](https://github.com/nriley/brightness) - Command-line display brightness control for macOS.
- [DiskUtilityUnhide](https://github.com/jacklukem/DiskUtilityUnhide) - to show all hidden EFIs and any APFS subvolumes.
- [DisplayLink Manager Graphics Connectivity](https://www.synaptics.com/products/displaylink-graphics/downloads/macos-connectivity-1.8?filetype=exe) - _"DisplayLink Manager is a new way to enable your DisplayLink dock, adapter or monitor on macOS platforms. It's an application that combines our latest driver with features that streamline the setup of mutliple displays up to 4K."_
- [Eul](https://github.com/gao-sun/eul) - 🖥️ macOS status monitoring app written in SwiftUI.
- [HexFiend](https://github.com/HexFiend/HexFiend) - A fast and clever hex editor for macOS
- [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk15-downloads.html) - Go and download the .dmg file and follow instructions.
- [IntelBluetoothFirmware](https://github.com/OpenIntelWireless/IntelBluetoothFirmware) - Intel Bluetooth Drivers for macOS.
- [itlwm](https://github.com/OpenIntelWireless/itlwm) - Intel Wi-Fi Drivers for macOS.
- [Keka](https://github.com/aonez/Keka) - The macOS file archiver.
- [lsusb](https://github.com/jlhonora/lsusb) - Install with `brew install lsusb`
  - Use this in stead `brew install -s usbutils`
- [MacForge](https://github.com/MacEnhance/MacForge) - Plugin, App, and Theme store which includes plugin injection for macOS.
- [MacHack](https://github.com/kendfinger/MacHack) - Hidden Tools in macOS.
- [MacOS Fortress](https://github.com/essandess/macOS-Fortress) - Firewall and Privatizing Proxy for Trackers, Attackers, Malware, Adware, and Spammers with Anti-Virus On-Demand and On-Access Scanning (PF, squid, privoxy, hphosts, dshield, emergingthreats, hostsfile, PAC file, clamav).
- [Macos-scripts](https://github.com/0xmachos/macos-scripts) - Various scripts for macOS tasks
- [OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher](https://github.com/dortania/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher/) - Experience macOS just like before
- [ProcessMonitor](https://github.com/objective-see/ProcessMonitor) - Process Monitor Library (based on Apple's new Endpoint Security Framework.
- [The Unarchiver](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/the-unarchiver/id425424353?mt=12) - Open any archive in seconds.
- [RadeonSensor](https://github.com/aluveitie/RadeonSensor) - Kext and Gadget to show Radeon GPU temperature on macOS.
- [Remote Desktop Manager Free](https://remotedesktopmanager.com/home/downloadfree) - Windows, Mac, Linux, Android & iOS.
- [Shield](https://github.com/theevilbit/Shield) - An app to protect against process injection on macOS.
- [SMCKit](https://github.com/beltex/SMCKit) - Apple SMC library & tool.
- [Sudo-touchid - artginzburg](https://github.com/artginzburg/sudo-touchid) -  Permanent TouchID support 👆 for `sudo`.
  - [Sudo-touchid - mattrajca](https://github.com/mattrajca/sudo-touchid) - A fork of `sudo` with Touch ID support.

- [TB3 enabler](https://github.com/KhaosT/tb3-enabler) - Enable Thunderbolt 3 for unsupported peripherals on macOS.
- [WhateverGreen](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen) - Various patches necessary for certain ATI/AMD/Intel/Nvidia GPUs.
- [WineBottler](https://winebottler.kronenberg.org) - Run .exe files on Macbook using Wine. Logfile: `~/Library/Logs/Wine.log`
- [WineHQ for MacOS](https://wiki.winehq.org/MacOS) - Requires `brew install xquartz` >= 2.7.7. [xquartz.org](https://www.xquartz.org) `brew cask install wine-stable`

  ### Creating a startup script
  ````
  touch ~/Library/Scripts/script.sh && chmod +x ~/Library/Scripts/script.sh
  touch startup.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents
  ````
  - Add this:
````
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
<dict>
    <key>Label</key>
    <string> My script </string>
    <key>ProgramArguments</key>
    <array>
        <string>/Users/MYNAME/Library/Scripts/script.sh</string>
    </array>
    <key>RunAtLoad</key>
    <true/>
</dict>
</plist>
````
  

  ### Creating Bootable USB
  - [Apple-Create-Install-Media](https://github.com/chris1111/Apple-Create-Install-Media) - macOS Applications for creating a bootable volume of macOS.
  - dd - check my [Disk CheatSheet notes](https://github.com/Am0rphous/CheatSheets/blob/main/Linux/Disk.md)
  - diskutil command. Procedure is as follows
````
diskutil list
diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disknumber
sudo dd if=/path/to/image.iso of=/dev/rdisknumber bs=1m>
sudo dd if=/Users/user_name/Downloads/CentOS-8-x86_64-boot.iso of=/dev/rdisk2
````
  
  ### App Development
  - [Create-DMG](https://github.com/create-dmg/create-dmg) - A shell script to build fancy DMGs.
  - [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) - Add “Launch at Login” functionality to your macOS app in seconds.
  - [Node-appDMG](https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg) - 💾 Generate your app dmgs.
  - [Rumps](https://github.com/jaredks/rumps) - Ridiculously Uncomplicated macOS Python Statusbar apps.
  - [Tray Example](https://github.com/kevinsawicki/tray-example) - Electron Tray Mac OS X Example App.
  
  ### Package Managers
  - [Brew / HomeBrew](https://brew.sh/) - Package Manager for Linux and MacOS. 
    - [Documentation](https://docs.brew.sh)
    - [Homebrew-autoupdate](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-autoupdate) - :tropical_drink: An easy, convenient way to automatically update Homebrew.
   - Quick install:
````
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
````
  - [Homebrew gathers anonymous aggregate user behaviour analytics using Google Analytics. ](https://docs.brew.sh/Analytics#opting-out)
  - To opt out of analytics, run
````
export HOMEBREW_NO_ANALYTICS=1
brew analytics off
````
  - [Macports-ports](https://github.com/macports/macports-ports) - The MacPorts ports tree - [Available software](https://ports.macports.org/)


    ### Security
    - [Secretive](https://github.com/maxgoedjen/secretive) - Store SSH keys in the Secure Enclave


    ### Virtualization
    - [Getutm](https://mac.getutm.app/)
    - [Macos_virtualization](https://github.com/AriESQ/macos_virtualization) - Notes on macos virtualization with a focus on running guest OS on Apple M1 Silicon
    - [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/download/#macos) - May be installed with `brew install qemu`.
    - [Parallels Desktop ($)](https://www.parallels.com/eu/) - The fastest, easiest and most powerful application for running Windows on Mac—without rebooting. Includes 30+ utilities to simplify everyday tasks on Mac and Windows.
      - [PD-Runner](https://github.com/utsanjan/PD-Runner) - PD Runner is an unlimited trial launcher to run Parallels Desktop on your macOS
    - [VirtualBuddy](https://github.com/insidegui/VirtualBuddy) - Virtualize macOS 12 and later on Apple Silicon
    - [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org)
    - [VMWare Fusion](https://www.vmware.com/products/fusion/fusion-evaluation.html)
      - [Open Virtualization Format Tool (ovftool)](https://code.vmware.com/web/tool/4.4.0/ovf) - VMware OVF Tool is a command-line utility that allows you to import and export OVF packages to and from many VMware products.

## Macbook with Linux resources
- [Asahi Linux ](https://asahilinux.org/) <-- NICE: "Asahi Linux aims to bring you a polished Linux® experience on Apple Silicon Macs."
- [bcwc_pcie](https://github.com/patjak/bcwc_pcie) - Reverse engineered Linux driver for the FacetimeHD (Broadcom 1570) PCIe webcam.
- [Hw-probe](https://github.com/linuxhw/hw-probe) - Probe for hardware, check operability and find drivers.
- [Linux ARM M1](https://github.com/corellium/linux-m1)
- [Linuxbrew Core](https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew-core) - [Linuxbrew documentation](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux)
- [mbpfan](https://github.com/linux-on-mac/mbpfan) - A simple daemon to control fan speed on all MacBook/MacBook Pros (probably all Apple computers) for Linux Kernel 3 and newer
- [mbp-ubuntu-kernel](https://github.com/marcosfad/mbp-ubuntu-kernel) - Ubuntu Kernel for MacBook Pro (incl. T2 patches).
- [Roadrunner2's macbook12-spi-driver](https://github.com/roadrunner2/macbook12-spi-driver) - Input driver for the SPI keyboard / trackpad found on 12" MacBooks (2015 and later) and newer MacBook Pros (late 2016 through mid 2018), as well a simple touchbar and ambient-light-sensor driver for late 2016 MacBook Pro's and later.

  ### Acces your iPhone on Linux
  - [Article: Access your iPhone on Linux with this open source tool](https://opensource.com/article/21/8/libimobiledevice-iphone-linux)
  - [Idevicerestore](https://github.com/libimobiledevice/idevicerestore) - Restore/upgrade firmware of iOS devices
  - [Ifuse](https://github.com/libimobiledevice/ifuse) - A fuse filesystem to access the contents of iOS devices

  
  ### Macbook Pro 14.3 (late 2017)
  - [BCM43602_macbookpro](https://github.com/andyholst/BCM43602_macbookpro) - Bruteforce test the boardflags 3 for 2.4 Ghz and 5 Ghz band
    - [Solution which makes the wifi work](https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=193121#c52) - [Original thread](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux/issues/47)
    - [Maybe this works brcmfmac43602-pcie.txt](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux/files/4977482/brcmfmac43602-pcie.txt)
  - [Sonal's macbookpro14-3 repo](https://github.com/sonals/macbookpro14-3)
  - [ubuntu-22.04-mbp-a1707.md](https://gist.github.com/rob-hills/9134b7352ee7471c4d4f4fbd6454c4b9)

  ### Status
- [Linux support for Apple devices with the T2 security chip](https://t2linux.org/) - [Wiki](https://github.com/t2linux/wiki)
- [State of Linux on the MacBook Pro 2016 & 2017](https://github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux) - Provides an overview about Linux support for Apple's MacBook Pro 2016 and MacBook Pro 2017 models.


## Productivity
- [Actions](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Actions) - ⚙️ Supercharge your shortcuts 
- [AirUnlock-for-Mac (Archived)](https://github.com/pinetum/AirUnlock-for-Mac) - Using android phone to establish a connection with your Mac via Bluetooth low-energy (BLE), controlling Mac lock state (Lock or Unlock).
- [Fanny](https://github.com/DanielStormApps/Fanny) - Monitor your Mac's fan speed and CPU/GPU temperature from your Notification Center. [fannywidget.com](https://www.fannywidget.com)
- [KeepingYouAwake](https://github.com/newmarcel/KeepingYouAwake) - A Caffeine clone for macOS. Prevents your Mac from going to sleep.
- [Klaxon](https://github.com/knowsuchagency/klaxon) - Send Mac OS (or notifiers) notifications from the terminal or Python programs.
- [MacOS Big Sur - Replacements Icons](https://github.com/elrumo/macOS_Big_Sur_icons_replacements) -  Replacement icons for popular apps in the style of macOS Big Sur.
- [PodcastMenu](https://github.com/insidegui/PodcastMenu) - Put Overcast on your Mac's menu bar.
- [Spectacle app](https://www.spectacleapp.com/) - Move and resize windows with ease. (Important note: Spectacle is no longer being actively maintained)
  - [Spectacle Github](https://github.com/eczarny/spectacle) - Spectacle allows you to organize your windows without using a mouse.
- [Yabai](https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai) - yabai is a window management utility that is designed to work as an extension to the built-in window manager of macOS. yabai allows you to control your windows, spaces and displays freely using an intuitive command line interface and optionally set user-defined keyboard shortcuts using [skhd](https://github.com/koekeishiya/skhd) and other third-party software.

  ### Automation
  - [Hammerspoon](https://github.com/Hammerspoon/hammerspoon) - Staggeringly powerful macOS desktop automation with Lua.
  - [Mjolnir](https://github.com/mjolnirapp/mjolnir) - Lightweight automation and productivity app for OS X.
  
  ### Office Tools
  - [Craft](https://www.craft.do/) - A fresh take on documents.
  - [TmpNote](https://github.com/buddax2/tmpNote) - Yet another simple notes app. [AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tmpnote/id1293664761?l=ru&ls=1&mt=12)
  - [Tyke.app](https://tyke.app/) - A little bit of scratch paper 📝 that lives on your Mac menu bar.
  
  ### Time Management
  - [Countdown](https://github.com/funway/Countdown) - A countdown task App on macOS.
  - [MenubarCountdown](https://github.com/kristopherjohnson/MenubarCountdown) - Menubar countdown timer for macOS.
  - [MeetingBar ](https://github.com/leits/MeetingBar) - 🇺🇦 Your meetings at your fingertips in the macOS menu bar
