Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.md, before:

## Machine Learning

-	Text classification also known as text tagging or text categorization is the process of categorizing text into organized groups.
-	By using Natural Language Processing (NLP), text classifiers can automatically analyze text and the assign a set of pre-defined tags or categories based on its content.

Applications
-	Sentiment analysis
-	Topic Detection
-	Language Detection
-	Tagging Products/Content
-	Differentiate between legitimate messages and spam mails
-	News Portals

The problem – BBC News Classification
-	The goal is to build a system that can accurately classify previously unseen news articles into the right category
-	Text documents are one of the richest sources of data for businesses
-	Public dataset from the BBC comprised of 2225 each labeled under on of 5 categories: Business, entertainment, politics, sport or tech

Towards Deep Learning
-	Sequence prediction problems have been around for a long time
-	These include a wide range of problems: From predicting sales to finding patterns in stock markets’ data, from understanding movie plots to recognizing your way of speech, from language translations to predicting your next work on your iPhone’s keyboard.

- [camera-classifier](https://github.com/NeuralNine/camera-classifier) - A Python application that uses camera input to train a SVM to respond to specific actions.

Commit message:

added Machine Learning for Beginners - A Curriculum

Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.md, after:

## Machine Learning

-	Text classification also known as text tagging or text categorization is the process of categorizing text into organized groups.
-	By using Natural Language Processing (NLP), text classifiers can automatically analyze text and the assign a set of pre-defined tags or categories based on its content.

Applications
-	Sentiment analysis
-	Topic Detection
-	Language Detection
-	Tagging Products/Content
-	Differentiate between legitimate messages and spam mails
-	News Portals

The problem – BBC News Classification
-	The goal is to build a system that can accurately classify previously unseen news articles into the right category
-	Text documents are one of the richest sources of data for businesses
-	Public dataset from the BBC comprised of 2225 each labeled under on of 5 categories: Business, entertainment, politics, sport or tech

Towards Deep Learning
-	Sequence prediction problems have been around for a long time
-	These include a wide range of problems: From predicting sales to finding patterns in stock markets’ data, from understanding movie plots to recognizing your way of speech, from language translations to predicting your next work on your iPhone’s keyboard.

## Resources

- [Camera Classifier](https://github.com/NeuralNine/camera-classifier) - A Python application that uses camera input to train a SVM to respond to specific actions.
- [Machine Learning for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/ML-For-Beginners) - 12 weeks, 25 lessons, 50 quizzes, classic Machine Learning for all.
