Artificial Intelligence/README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Resources


- [AI Cheatsheets](https://github.com/kailashahirwar/cheatsheets-ai) - Essential Cheat Sheets for deep learning and machine learning researchers.
- [AI Expert Roadmap](https://github.com/AMAI-GmbH/AI-Expert-Roadmap) - Roadmap to becoming an Artificial Intelligence Expert in 2020.
- [AIMA3e-Java (JDK 8+)](https://github.com/aimacode/aima-java) - Java implementation of algorithms from Russell And Norvig's "Artificial Intelligence - A Modern Approach" 
- [AIMA-Python](https://github.com/aimacode/aima-python) - Python implementation of algorithms from Russell And Norvig's "Artificial Intelligence - A Modern Approach".
- [AirSim](https://github.com/microsoft/airsim) - Open source simulator for autonomous vehicles built on Unreal Engine / Unity, from Microsoft.
- [Awesome Artificial Intelligence](https://github.com/owainlewis/awesome-artificial-intelligence) - A curated list of Artificial Intelligence (AI) courses, books, video lectures and papers.
- [Bilibilili](https://github.com/Bingzi-Li/bilibilili) - A face-recognition-based attendance taking system.
- [DeepStack](https://github.com/johnolafenwa/DeepStack) - The World's Leading Cross Platform AI Engine for Edge Devices.
  - [DeepStack.cc](https://www.deepstack.cc/)
  - [DeepStack_ExDark](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/DeepStack_ExDark) - A DeepStack custom model for detecting common objects in dark/night images and videos.
- [Fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq) - Facebook AI Research Sequence-to-Sequence Toolkit written in Python.
- [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI) - A python library built to empower developers to build applications and systems with self-contained Computer Vision capabilities.
  - [ImageAIDocumentation](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAIDocumentation) - Official English Documentation of ImageAI.
- [Malmo](https://github.com/microsoft/malmo) - Project Malmo is a platform for Artificial Intelligence experimentation and research built on top of Minecraft. 
- [OpenCog](https://github.com/opencog/opencog) - A framework for integrated Artificial Intelligence & Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) 
- [Ruby Warrior](https://github.com/ryanb/ruby-warrior) - Game written in Ruby for learning Ruby and artificial intelligence. 
- [Serenata De Amor](https://github.com/okfn-brasil/serenata-de-amor) - Artificial Intelligence for social control of public administration
- [Serpent.AI ](https://github.com/serpentai/serpentai) -  Game Agent Framework. Helping you create AIs / Bots that learn to play any game you own! 
- [Snake](https://github.com/chuyangliu/snake) - Artificial intelligence for the Snake game. 
- [StringSifter](https://github.com/fireeye/stringsifter) - A machine learning tool that ranks strings based on their relevance for malware analysis.
- [SUSI.AI server backend](https://github.com/fossasia/susi_server) - the Artificial Intelligence server for personal assistants.
- [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) - Transformers: State-of-the-art Natural Language Processing for Pytorch and TensorFlow 2.0.

## AI Assistant
- [Mycroft](https://github.com/mycroftai/mycroft-core) - Mycroft is a hackable open source voice assistant.

Note: https://favouriteblog.com/50-best-github-artificial-intelligence/

## Deep Learning
- [Deep Learning (PyTorch) - ND101 v7]() - Projects and exercises for the latest Deep Learning ND program [course/deep-learning-nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-nanodegree--nd101).
- [Keras](https://github.com/keras-team/keras) - Deep Learning for humans. Keras is a deep learning API written in Python, running on top of the machine learning platform TensorFlow. It was developed with a focus on enabling fast experimentation. Being able to go from idea to result as fast as possible is key to doing good research.
  - [DenseNet-Keras](https://github.com/flyyufelix/DenseNet-Keras) - DenseNet Implementation in Keras with ImageNet Pretrained Models.
- [Tinygrad](https://github.com/geohot/tinygrad)
- [TorchFusion](https://github.com/johnolafenwa/TorchFusion) - A modern deep learning framework built to accelerate research and development of AI systems.

## Detection / Recognition / Vision / Object Tracking
- [Action-Net](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/Action-Net) - A dataset of images for artificial intelligence models to recognize human actions.
  - [DeepStack_ActionNET](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/DeepStack_ActionNET) - Provides a custom DeepStack model that has been trained and can be used for creating a new object detection API for detecting 16 human actions present in the ActionNET Dataset dataset.
- [Detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2) - Detectron2 is FAIR's next-generation platform for object detection, segmentation and other visual recognition tasks.
- [FireNET](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/FireNET) - A deep learning model for detecting fire in video and camera streams.
- [Pyodi](https://github.com/Gradiant/pyodi) - Python Object Detection Insights.
- [Strawberries](https://github.com/alexlouden/strawberries) - Computer vision on 🍓.
- [Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis](https://github.com/CompVis/taming-transformers) - Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis.
- [Traffic-Net](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/Traffic-Net) - A dataset of traffic, fire and accident images for training deep learning models.
- [Yolov4-deepsort by theAIGuysCode ](https://github.com/theAIGuysCode/yolov4-deepsort) - Object tracking implemented with YOLOv4, DeepSort, and TensorFlow.
  - [Roboflow Object Tracking Example](https://github.com/roboflow-ai/zero-shot-object-tracking) - Object tracking implemented with the Roboflow Inference API, DeepSort, and OpenAI CLIP.

### Face / Emotions
- [Detect Eyes and Detect Faces in Python](https://copyassignment.com/detect-eyes-and-detect-faces-in-python-and-opencv/)
- [FacEmoji](https://github.com/PiotrDabrowskey/facemoji) - Detects face and its emotion, draws according emoji over face.

## Machine Learning
- [Awesome Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-ml-for-cybersecurity) - Machine Learning for Cyber Security.
- [Behaviour Suite for Reinforcement Learning (bsuite)](https://github.com/deepmind/bsuite) - bsuite is a collection of carefully-designed experiments that investigate core capabilities of a reinforcement learning (RL) agent.
- [Tvm](https://github.com/apache/tvm) - Open deep learning compiler stack for cpu, gpu and specialized accelerators [tvm.apache.org](https://tvm.apache.org).

## Neural Networks 
- [CNNArchitectures](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/CNNArchitectures) - Code implementation of major Convolutional Neural Networks.

### Tensorflow
- [Awesome TensorFlow](https://github.com/jtoy/awesome-tensorflow) - TensorFlow - A curated list of dedicated resources [tensorflow.org](http://tensorflow.org).
- [Tensorflow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) - An Open Source Machine Learning Framework for Everyone.
- [FaceRank](https://github.com/fendouai/FaceRank) - FaceRank - Rank Face by CNN Model based on TensorFlow (add keras version). FaceRank-人脸打分基于 TensorFlow (新增 Keras 版本) 的 CNN 模型（QQ群：167122861）。技术支持：[http://tensorflow123.com](http://tensorflow123.com).
- [PerceptiLabs](https://github.com/PerceptiLabs/PerceptiLabs) - As a visual API, PerceptiLabs sits on top of TensorFlow and other APIs.

## Sentiment Analysis
Description: _Sentiment analysis (also known as opinion mining or emotion AI) is the use of natural language processing, text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information_ [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sentiment_analysis)
- [Docker Container wallstreetbets-sentiment-analysis](https://github.com/asad70/wallstreetbets-sentiment-analysis)
- [FastText](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fastText) -  Library for fast text representation and classification.
- [Napkin-text-analysis](https://github.com/adulau/napkin-text-analysis) - Napkin is a simple tool to produce statistical analysis of a text.

## Web
- [cogito-ntnu.no](https://cogito-ntnu.no)

Commit message:

added 'Convolutional neural networkc', Eyeballer

Artificial Intelligence/README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Resources


- [AI Cheatsheets](https://github.com/kailashahirwar/cheatsheets-ai) - Essential Cheat Sheets for deep learning and machine learning researchers.
- [AI Expert Roadmap](https://github.com/AMAI-GmbH/AI-Expert-Roadmap) - Roadmap to becoming an Artificial Intelligence Expert in 2020.
- [AIMA3e-Java (JDK 8+)](https://github.com/aimacode/aima-java) - Java implementation of algorithms from Russell And Norvig's "Artificial Intelligence - A Modern Approach" 
- [AIMA-Python](https://github.com/aimacode/aima-python) - Python implementation of algorithms from Russell And Norvig's "Artificial Intelligence - A Modern Approach".
- [AirSim](https://github.com/microsoft/airsim) - Open source simulator for autonomous vehicles built on Unreal Engine / Unity, from Microsoft.
- [Awesome Artificial Intelligence](https://github.com/owainlewis/awesome-artificial-intelligence) - A curated list of Artificial Intelligence (AI) courses, books, video lectures and papers.
- [Bilibilili](https://github.com/Bingzi-Li/bilibilili) - A face-recognition-based attendance taking system.
- [DeepStack](https://github.com/johnolafenwa/DeepStack) - The World's Leading Cross Platform AI Engine for Edge Devices.
  - [DeepStack.cc](https://www.deepstack.cc/)
  - [DeepStack_ExDark](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/DeepStack_ExDark) - A DeepStack custom model for detecting common objects in dark/night images and videos.
- [Fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq) - Facebook AI Research Sequence-to-Sequence Toolkit written in Python.
- [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI) - A python library built to empower developers to build applications and systems with self-contained Computer Vision capabilities.
  - [ImageAIDocumentation](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAIDocumentation) - Official English Documentation of ImageAI.
- [Malmo](https://github.com/microsoft/malmo) - Project Malmo is a platform for Artificial Intelligence experimentation and research built on top of Minecraft. 
- [OpenCog](https://github.com/opencog/opencog) - A framework for integrated Artificial Intelligence & Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) 
- [Ruby Warrior](https://github.com/ryanb/ruby-warrior) - Game written in Ruby for learning Ruby and artificial intelligence. 
- [Serenata De Amor](https://github.com/okfn-brasil/serenata-de-amor) - Artificial Intelligence for social control of public administration
- [Serpent.AI ](https://github.com/serpentai/serpentai) -  Game Agent Framework. Helping you create AIs / Bots that learn to play any game you own! 
- [Snake](https://github.com/chuyangliu/snake) - Artificial intelligence for the Snake game. 
- [StringSifter](https://github.com/fireeye/stringsifter) - A machine learning tool that ranks strings based on their relevance for malware analysis.
- [SUSI.AI server backend](https://github.com/fossasia/susi_server) - the Artificial Intelligence server for personal assistants.
- [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) - Transformers: State-of-the-art Natural Language Processing for Pytorch and TensorFlow 2.0.

## AI Assistant
- [Mycroft](https://github.com/mycroftai/mycroft-core) - Mycroft is a hackable open source voice assistant.

Note: https://favouriteblog.com/50-best-github-artificial-intelligence/

## Deep Learning
- [Deep Learning (PyTorch) - ND101 v7]() - Projects and exercises for the latest Deep Learning ND program [course/deep-learning-nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-nanodegree--nd101).
- [Keras](https://github.com/keras-team/keras) - Deep Learning for humans. Keras is a deep learning API written in Python, running on top of the machine learning platform TensorFlow. It was developed with a focus on enabling fast experimentation. Being able to go from idea to result as fast as possible is key to doing good research.
  - [DenseNet-Keras](https://github.com/flyyufelix/DenseNet-Keras) - DenseNet Implementation in Keras with ImageNet Pretrained Models.
- [Tinygrad](https://github.com/geohot/tinygrad)
- [TorchFusion](https://github.com/johnolafenwa/TorchFusion) - A modern deep learning framework built to accelerate research and development of AI systems.

## Detection / Recognition / Vision / Object Tracking
- [Action-Net](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/Action-Net) - A dataset of images for artificial intelligence models to recognize human actions.
  - [DeepStack_ActionNET](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/DeepStack_ActionNET) - Provides a custom DeepStack model that has been trained and can be used for creating a new object detection API for detecting 16 human actions present in the ActionNET Dataset dataset.
- [Detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2) - Detectron2 is FAIR's next-generation platform for object detection, segmentation and other visual recognition tasks.
- [FireNET](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/FireNET) - A deep learning model for detecting fire in video and camera streams.
- [Pyodi](https://github.com/Gradiant/pyodi) - Python Object Detection Insights.
- [Strawberries](https://github.com/alexlouden/strawberries) - Computer vision on 🍓.
- [Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis](https://github.com/CompVis/taming-transformers) - Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis.
- [Traffic-Net](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/Traffic-Net) - A dataset of traffic, fire and accident images for training deep learning models.
- [Yolov4-deepsort by theAIGuysCode ](https://github.com/theAIGuysCode/yolov4-deepsort) - Object tracking implemented with YOLOv4, DeepSort, and TensorFlow.
  - [Roboflow Object Tracking Example](https://github.com/roboflow-ai/zero-shot-object-tracking) - Object tracking implemented with the Roboflow Inference API, DeepSort, and OpenAI CLIP.

## Convolutional neural network
_Convolutional neural networks power image recognition and computer vision tasks._
- [Eyeballer](https://github.com/BishopFox/eyeballer) - Eyeballer is meant for large-scope network penetration tests where you need to find "interesting" targets from a huge set of web-based hosts. Go ahead and use your favorite screenshotting tool like normal (EyeWitness or GoWitness) and then run them through Eyeballer to tell you what's likely to contain vulnerabilities, and what isn't.

### Face / Emotions
- [Detect Eyes and Detect Faces in Python](https://copyassignment.com/detect-eyes-and-detect-faces-in-python-and-opencv/)
- [FacEmoji](https://github.com/PiotrDabrowskey/facemoji) - Detects face and its emotion, draws according emoji over face.

## Machine Learning
- [Awesome Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-ml-for-cybersecurity) - Machine Learning for Cyber Security.
- [Behaviour Suite for Reinforcement Learning (bsuite)](https://github.com/deepmind/bsuite) - bsuite is a collection of carefully-designed experiments that investigate core capabilities of a reinforcement learning (RL) agent.
- [Tvm](https://github.com/apache/tvm) - Open deep learning compiler stack for cpu, gpu and specialized accelerators [tvm.apache.org](https://tvm.apache.org).

## Neural Networks 
- [CNNArchitectures](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/CNNArchitectures) - Code implementation of major Convolutional Neural Networks.

### Tensorflow
- [Awesome TensorFlow](https://github.com/jtoy/awesome-tensorflow) - TensorFlow - A curated list of dedicated resources [tensorflow.org](http://tensorflow.org).
- [Tensorflow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) - An Open Source Machine Learning Framework for Everyone.
- [FaceRank](https://github.com/fendouai/FaceRank) - FaceRank - Rank Face by CNN Model based on TensorFlow (add keras version). FaceRank-人脸打分基于 TensorFlow (新增 Keras 版本) 的 CNN 模型（QQ群：167122861）。技术支持：[http://tensorflow123.com](http://tensorflow123.com).
- [PerceptiLabs](https://github.com/PerceptiLabs/PerceptiLabs) - As a visual API, PerceptiLabs sits on top of TensorFlow and other APIs.

## Sentiment Analysis
Description: _Sentiment analysis (also known as opinion mining or emotion AI) is the use of natural language processing, text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information_ [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sentiment_analysis)
- [Docker Container wallstreetbets-sentiment-analysis](https://github.com/asad70/wallstreetbets-sentiment-analysis)
- [FastText](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fastText) -  Library for fast text representation and classification.
- [Napkin-text-analysis](https://github.com/adulau/napkin-text-analysis) - Napkin is a simple tool to produce statistical analysis of a text.

## Web
- [cogito-ntnu.no](https://cogito-ntnu.no)
