Cryptocurrency/README.md, before:

# Cryptocurrency
- [Cryptopedia - www.gemini.com](https://www.gemini.com/cryptopedia)

## Bitcoin
- [Bitcoin source code](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin) - Bitcoin Core integration/staging tree.
- [BTC Recover](https://github.com/gurnec/btcrecover) - An open source Bitcoin wallet password and seed recovery tool designed for the case where you already know most of your password/seed, but need assistance in trying different possible combinations.
- [How to Host a Bitcoin Full Node on a Raspberry Pi B+](https://gist.github.com/alexanderjsingleton/70fbf4db00a91d54545db7006b54fe27)


## Charts
- [Bitcoin-chart-cli](https://github.com/madnight/bitcoin-chart-cli) - Bitcoin chart for the terminal as command line util.

## Convertion / Calculation
- [Cryptocurrency-calculator-cli](https://github.com/madnight/cryptocurrency-calculator-cli) - Cryptocurrency Converter Calculator as command line util.

## Exchanges
- [bitfinex.com](https://www.bitfinex.com/)
- [Guarda Exchange](https://guarda.com/exchange/)
- [pancakeswap](https://exchange.pancakeswap.finance/#/swap)
### Norwegian
- [Kaupang](https://www.kaupangkrypto.no/)
- [MiraiEx](https://www.miraiex.com/no/)
- [NBX](https://nbx.com/) - Norwegian Block Exchange er en norsk kryptobørs.

## IOTA
- [Documentation](https://github.com/iotaledger/documentation) - This is where we host content for the documentation portal.
- [FireFly Wallet](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly) - IOTA's New Wallet.
- [Hornet](https://github.com/gohornet/hornet) - HORNET is a powerful IOTA fullnode software.
  - [Docs](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/getting_started/using_docker.html)
  - [Get peers for your node!](https://nodesharing.wisewolf.de/)
  - [Mainnet - Autopeering](https://tanglebay.com/mainnet-autopeering/)
- [Iota-news.com](https://iota-news.com)
- [IOTAtangle](https://github.com/glumb/IOTAtangle) - IOTA Tangle Visualiser 🦔 http://tangle.glumb.de/?DARK_MODE=true
- [IOTA Tangle Explorer](https://explorer.iota.org)
- [Public IOTA nodes](https://comnet.thetangle.org/nodes)
- [Trinity Wallet (discontinued)](https://github.com/iotaledger/trinity-wallet) - The IOTA Trinity Wallet - available on App Store, Google Play and all major Desktop platforms.

## News
- [cryptocurrency-news-analysis](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/cryptocurrency-news-analysis) - This python module can analyse cryptocurrency news for any number of coins given and return a sentiment. Can be easily integrated with a Trading bot to keep an eye on the news.
- [Cryptoslate.com](https://cryptoslate.com/)
- [Trustnodes.com](https://www.trustnodes.com)

## Trading
- [Binance-News-Sentiment-Bot](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/Binance-News-Sentiment-Bot) - This is a fully functioning Binance trading bot that takes into account the news sentiment for the top 100 crypto feeds. If you like this project consider donating though the Brave browser to allow me to continuously improve the script.
- [Binance-volatility-trading-bot](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/Binance-volatility-trading-bot) - This is a fully functioning Binance trading bot that measures the volatility of every coin on Binance and places trades with the highest gaining coins If you like this project consider donating though the Brave browser to allow me to continuously improve the script.
- [Carnac The Magnificent](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/Carnac) - Carnac The Magnificent: Pancakeswap Prediction Market Bot.

## Wallets
- [Guarda Desktop Crypto Wallet](https://guarda.com/desktop/)

## Widgets
- [Cryptowidgets](https://github.com/sxiii/cryptowidgets) - Collection of crypto widgets that are helpful for traders & crypto users.
- [JavascriptBitcoinCharts](https://github.com/fusionchartsexpress/JavascriptBitcoinCharts) - Steps For Creating Historical Bitcoin Charts Using FusionCharts.
  - [Turbocharge Bitcoin Data With Beautiful Javascript Spline Charts](https://www.fusioncharts.com/blog/turbocharge-bitcoin-data-with-beautiful-javascript-spline-charts/)

Commit message:

GUI Pancakeswap and Uniswap trading client (and bot)

Cryptocurrency/README.md, after:

# Cryptocurrency
- [Cryptopedia - www.gemini.com](https://www.gemini.com/cryptopedia)

## Bitcoin
- [Bitcoin source code](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin) - Bitcoin Core integration/staging tree.
- [BTC Recover](https://github.com/gurnec/btcrecover) - An open source Bitcoin wallet password and seed recovery tool designed for the case where you already know most of your password/seed, but need assistance in trying different possible combinations.
- [How to Host a Bitcoin Full Node on a Raspberry Pi B+](https://gist.github.com/alexanderjsingleton/70fbf4db00a91d54545db7006b54fe27)


## Charts
- [Bitcoin-chart-cli](https://github.com/madnight/bitcoin-chart-cli) - Bitcoin chart for the terminal as command line util.

## Convertion / Calculation
- [Cryptocurrency-calculator-cli](https://github.com/madnight/cryptocurrency-calculator-cli) - Cryptocurrency Converter Calculator as command line util.

## Exchanges
- [bitfinex.com](https://www.bitfinex.com/)
- [Guarda Exchange](https://guarda.com/exchange/)
- [pancakeswap](https://exchange.pancakeswap.finance/#/swap)
### Norwegian
- [Kaupang](https://www.kaupangkrypto.no/)
- [MiraiEx](https://www.miraiex.com/no/)
- [NBX](https://nbx.com/) - Norwegian Block Exchange er en norsk kryptobørs.

## IOTA
- [Documentation](https://github.com/iotaledger/documentation) - This is where we host content for the documentation portal.
- [FireFly Wallet](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly) - IOTA's New Wallet.
- [Hornet](https://github.com/gohornet/hornet) - HORNET is a powerful IOTA fullnode software.
  - [Docs](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/getting_started/using_docker.html)
  - [Get peers for your node!](https://nodesharing.wisewolf.de/)
  - [Mainnet - Autopeering](https://tanglebay.com/mainnet-autopeering/)
- [Iota-news.com](https://iota-news.com)
- [IOTAtangle](https://github.com/glumb/IOTAtangle) - IOTA Tangle Visualiser 🦔 http://tangle.glumb.de/?DARK_MODE=true
- [IOTA Tangle Explorer](https://explorer.iota.org)
- [Public IOTA nodes](https://comnet.thetangle.org/nodes)
- [Trinity Wallet (discontinued)](https://github.com/iotaledger/trinity-wallet) - The IOTA Trinity Wallet - available on App Store, Google Play and all major Desktop platforms.

## News
- [cryptocurrency-news-analysis](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/cryptocurrency-news-analysis) - This python module can analyse cryptocurrency news for any number of coins given and return a sentiment. Can be easily integrated with a Trading bot to keep an eye on the news.
- [Cryptoslate.com](https://cryptoslate.com/)
- [Trustnodes.com](https://www.trustnodes.com)

## Trading
- [Binance-News-Sentiment-Bot](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/Binance-News-Sentiment-Bot) - This is a fully functioning Binance trading bot that takes into account the news sentiment for the top 100 crypto feeds. If you like this project consider donating though the Brave browser to allow me to continuously improve the script.
- [Binance-volatility-trading-bot](https://github.com/CyberPunkMetalHead/Binance-volatility-trading-bot) - This is a fully functioning Binance trading bot that measures the volatility of every coin on Binance and places trades with the highest gaining coins If you like this project consider donating though the Brave browser to allow me to continuously improve the script.
- [Carnac The Magnificent](https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/Carnac) - Carnac The Magnificent: Pancakeswap Prediction Market Bot.
- [GUI Pancakeswap and Uniswap trading client (and bot)](https://github.com/persianhydra/panUNIswap-bot) - GUI Pancakeswap V2 and Uniswap V3 trading client (and bot)MOST ADVANCE TRADING BOT SUPPORT WINDOWS LINUX MAC.

## Wallets
- [Guarda Desktop Crypto Wallet](https://guarda.com/desktop/)

## Widgets
- [Cryptowidgets](https://github.com/sxiii/cryptowidgets) - Collection of crypto widgets that are helpful for traders & crypto users.
- [JavascriptBitcoinCharts](https://github.com/fusionchartsexpress/JavascriptBitcoinCharts) - Steps For Creating Historical Bitcoin Charts Using FusionCharts.
  - [Turbocharge Bitcoin Data With Beautiful Javascript Spline Charts](https://www.fusioncharts.com/blog/turbocharge-bitcoin-data-with-beautiful-javascript-spline-charts/)
