Threat Intelligence/README.md, before:

# Threat Intelligence

- [abuse.ch](https://abuse.ch/) - FIGHTING MALWARE AND BOTNETS
- [Adversary Emulation Plan Library](https://github.com/scythe-io/community-threats) - The largest, public library of adversary emulation plans in JSON. A place to share custom SCYTHE threats with the community. #ThreatThursday.
- [AlienVault](https://otx.alienvault.com/)
- [Awesome Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/hslatman/awesome-threat-intelligence) - A curated list of Awesome Threat Intelligence resources.
- [Awesome Threat Detection and Hunting](https://github.com/0x4D31/awesome-threat-detection) - A curated list of awesome threat detection and hunting resources 
- [Awesome Threat Modeling](https://github.com/hysnsec/awesome-threat-modelling) - A curated list of threat modeling resources (Books, courses - free and paid, videos, tools, tutorials and workshops to practice on ) for learning Threat modeling and initial phases of security review.
- [Best Practices in Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/MISP/best-practices-in-threat-intelligence) - Best practices in threat intelligence 
- [blocklist.de](https://www.blocklist.de)
- [DeepdarkCTI](https://github.com/fastfire/deepdarkCTI) - Collection of Cyber Threat Intelligence sources from the deep and dark web.
- [DocIntel](https://github.com/docintelapp/DocIntel) - Open Source Platform for storing, organizing, and searching documents related to cyber threats
- [Intel Architecture Map](https://github.com/Errum/IntelArchitectureMap) - The Intelligence Architecture Map is based on interviews of industry experts, former intelligence practitioners, and my personal views. It represents a logical and meaningful way I see the different aspects of producing intelligence should be put together.
- [IoC](https://github.com/avast/ioc) - Threat Intel IoCs + bits and pieces of dark matter.
- [Karakurt Hacking Team Indicators of Compromise (IOC)](https://github.com/infinitumitlabs/Karakurt-Hacking-Team-CTI) - IOC Data Obtained From Karakurt Hacking Team's Internal Infrastructure.
- [Mapping MITRE ATT&CK® to CVEs for Impact](https://github.com/center-for-threat-informed-defense/attack_to_cve) - A methodology for mapping MITRE ATT&CK techniques to vulnerability records to describe the impact of a vulnerability.
- [Msticpy](https://github.com/microsoft/msticpy) - Microsoft Threat Intelligence Security Tools
- [Penetrum LLC Opensource Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/Penetrum-Security/Threat-Intelligence) - Penetrum LLC opensource Threat Intel. All information is also available at https://penetrum.com.
- [PyOTI - Python Open Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/RH-ISAC/PyOTI) - Python library for threat intelligence.
- [RansomLook](https://github.com/RansomLook/RansomLook) - Yet another Ransomware gang tracker
- [Raven](https://github.com/qeeqbox/raven) - Advanced Cyber Threat Map (Simplified, customizable, responsive).
  - [Worldmap](https://github.com/qeeqbox/worldmap) - An interactive world-map that has been used in live Cyber Threat interfaces.
- [Research Threats: Legal Threats Against Security Researchers](https://threats.disclose.io/) - [github](https://github.com/disclose/research-threats)
- [RITA (Real Intelligence Threat Analytics)](https://github.com/activecm/rita) - Real Intelligence Threat Analytics (RITA) is a framework for detecting command and control communication through network traffic analysis.
  - [Rita-zeek_analysis](https://github.com/tsale/Rita-zeek_analysis) - Script to install rita and zeek and then analyze related logs.
- [ThreatExchange](https://github.com/facebook/ThreatExchange) - Share threat information with vetted partners.
- [Threat-Intelligence Feeds & Tools & Frameworks](https://github.com/P3t3rp4rk3r/Threat_Intelligence)
- [ThreatHunting](https://github.com/GossiTheDog/ThreatHunting) - Tools for hunting for threats.
- [TRAM](https://github.com/mitre-attack/tram) - Threat Report ATT&CK™ Mapping (TRAM) is a tool to aid analyst in mapping finished reports to ATT&CK.
- [TypeDB Data - CTI](https://github.com/typedb-osi/typedb-data-cti) - Knowledge Graph for Cyber Threat Intelligence with TypeDB.
- [VTI-Cosplay](https://github.com/r00tten/VTI-Cosplay) - vti-cosplay is a solution to the problem due to the lack of a Virustotal Enterprise license. First, it parses the YARA rule, maps each atomic entry to Virustotal API endpoints, and merges individual results. Subsequently, it mimics the YARA scan on the Virustotal platform.

## MISP - Malware Information Sharing Platform
- [MISP - Threat Intelligence Sharing Platform](https://github.com/MISP/MISP) - MISP (core software) - Open Source Threat Intelligence and Sharing Platform (formely known as Malware Information Sharing Platform).
  - [circl.lu - MIST Training Materials](https://www.circl.lu/services/misp-training-materials/) - [github](https://github.com/MISP/misp-training)
  - [FireArms_Intelligence](https://github.com/W4zT3r/FireArms_Intelligence) - Gather information through MISP definition of firearms taxonomy
  - [misp-grafana](https://github.com/MISP/misp-grafana) - A real-time Grafana dashboard using MISP ZeroMQ message queue and InfluxDB.
  - [misp-modules](https://github.com/MISP/misp-modules) - Modules for expansion services, import and export in MISP.
  - [misp-training-lea](https://github.com/MISP/misp-training-lea) - Practical Information Sharing between Law Enforcement and CSIRT communities using MISP.
  - [MISP Virtual Machine](https://vm.misp-project.org/)
  - [puppet-misp](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-misp) - This module installs and configures MISP (Malware Information Sharing Platform).
  - [PyMISP](https://github.com/MISP/PyMISP) - Python library using the MISP Rest API 
  
### Feed
- [Botvrij.eu OSINT feed](https://www.botvrij.eu/data/feed-osint/)
- [CIRCL OSINT Feed](https://www.circl.lu/doc/misp/feed-osint/)
- [CTI-Feeder](https://github.com/kdrypr/CTI-Feed-Collector) - Open Source Cyber Threat Intelligence Feed Collector

Commit message:

Intelligence consisists of systematic gather, analyze and asess information to provide decision support

Threat Intelligence/README.md, after:

# Threat Intelligence

- _Intelligence consisists of systematic gather, analyze and asess information to provide decision support._

- [abuse.ch](https://abuse.ch/) - FIGHTING MALWARE AND BOTNETS
- [Adversary Emulation Plan Library](https://github.com/scythe-io/community-threats) - The largest, public library of adversary emulation plans in JSON. A place to share custom SCYTHE threats with the community. #ThreatThursday.
- [AlienVault](https://otx.alienvault.com/)
- [Awesome Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/hslatman/awesome-threat-intelligence) - A curated list of Awesome Threat Intelligence resources.
- [Awesome Threat Detection and Hunting](https://github.com/0x4D31/awesome-threat-detection) - A curated list of awesome threat detection and hunting resources 
- [Awesome Threat Modeling](https://github.com/hysnsec/awesome-threat-modelling) - A curated list of threat modeling resources (Books, courses - free and paid, videos, tools, tutorials and workshops to practice on ) for learning Threat modeling and initial phases of security review.
- [Best Practices in Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/MISP/best-practices-in-threat-intelligence) - Best practices in threat intelligence 
- [blocklist.de](https://www.blocklist.de)
- [DeepdarkCTI](https://github.com/fastfire/deepdarkCTI) - Collection of Cyber Threat Intelligence sources from the deep and dark web.
- [DocIntel](https://github.com/docintelapp/DocIntel) - Open Source Platform for storing, organizing, and searching documents related to cyber threats
- [Intel Architecture Map](https://github.com/Errum/IntelArchitectureMap) - The Intelligence Architecture Map is based on interviews of industry experts, former intelligence practitioners, and my personal views. It represents a logical and meaningful way I see the different aspects of producing intelligence should be put together.
- [IoC](https://github.com/avast/ioc) - Threat Intel IoCs + bits and pieces of dark matter.
- [Karakurt Hacking Team Indicators of Compromise (IOC)](https://github.com/infinitumitlabs/Karakurt-Hacking-Team-CTI) - IOC Data Obtained From Karakurt Hacking Team's Internal Infrastructure.
- [Mapping MITRE ATT&CK® to CVEs for Impact](https://github.com/center-for-threat-informed-defense/attack_to_cve) - A methodology for mapping MITRE ATT&CK techniques to vulnerability records to describe the impact of a vulnerability.
- [Msticpy](https://github.com/microsoft/msticpy) - Microsoft Threat Intelligence Security Tools
- [Penetrum LLC Opensource Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/Penetrum-Security/Threat-Intelligence) - Penetrum LLC opensource Threat Intel. All information is also available at https://penetrum.com.
- [PyOTI - Python Open Threat Intelligence](https://github.com/RH-ISAC/PyOTI) - Python library for threat intelligence.
- [RansomLook](https://github.com/RansomLook/RansomLook) - Yet another Ransomware gang tracker
- [Raven](https://github.com/qeeqbox/raven) - Advanced Cyber Threat Map (Simplified, customizable, responsive).
  - [Worldmap](https://github.com/qeeqbox/worldmap) - An interactive world-map that has been used in live Cyber Threat interfaces.
- [Research Threats: Legal Threats Against Security Researchers](https://threats.disclose.io/) - [github](https://github.com/disclose/research-threats)
- [RITA (Real Intelligence Threat Analytics)](https://github.com/activecm/rita) - Real Intelligence Threat Analytics (RITA) is a framework for detecting command and control communication through network traffic analysis.
  - [Rita-zeek_analysis](https://github.com/tsale/Rita-zeek_analysis) - Script to install rita and zeek and then analyze related logs.
- [ThreatExchange](https://github.com/facebook/ThreatExchange) - Share threat information with vetted partners.
- [Threat-Intelligence Feeds & Tools & Frameworks](https://github.com/P3t3rp4rk3r/Threat_Intelligence)
- [ThreatHunting](https://github.com/GossiTheDog/ThreatHunting) - Tools for hunting for threats.
- [TRAM](https://github.com/mitre-attack/tram) - Threat Report ATT&CK™ Mapping (TRAM) is a tool to aid analyst in mapping finished reports to ATT&CK.
- [TypeDB Data - CTI](https://github.com/typedb-osi/typedb-data-cti) - Knowledge Graph for Cyber Threat Intelligence with TypeDB.
- [VTI-Cosplay](https://github.com/r00tten/VTI-Cosplay) - vti-cosplay is a solution to the problem due to the lack of a Virustotal Enterprise license. First, it parses the YARA rule, maps each atomic entry to Virustotal API endpoints, and merges individual results. Subsequently, it mimics the YARA scan on the Virustotal platform.

## MISP - Malware Information Sharing Platform
- [MISP - Threat Intelligence Sharing Platform](https://github.com/MISP/MISP) - MISP (core software) - Open Source Threat Intelligence and Sharing Platform (formely known as Malware Information Sharing Platform).
  - [circl.lu - MIST Training Materials](https://www.circl.lu/services/misp-training-materials/) - [github](https://github.com/MISP/misp-training)
  - [FireArms_Intelligence](https://github.com/W4zT3r/FireArms_Intelligence) - Gather information through MISP definition of firearms taxonomy
  - [misp-grafana](https://github.com/MISP/misp-grafana) - A real-time Grafana dashboard using MISP ZeroMQ message queue and InfluxDB.
  - [misp-modules](https://github.com/MISP/misp-modules) - Modules for expansion services, import and export in MISP.
  - [misp-training-lea](https://github.com/MISP/misp-training-lea) - Practical Information Sharing between Law Enforcement and CSIRT communities using MISP.
  - [MISP Virtual Machine](https://vm.misp-project.org/)
  - [puppet-misp](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-misp) - This module installs and configures MISP (Malware Information Sharing Platform).
  - [PyMISP](https://github.com/MISP/PyMISP) - Python library using the MISP Rest API 
  
### Feed
- [Botvrij.eu OSINT feed](https://www.botvrij.eu/data/feed-osint/)
- [CIRCL OSINT Feed](https://www.circl.lu/doc/misp/feed-osint/)
- [CTI-Feeder](https://github.com/kdrypr/CTI-Feed-Collector) - Open Source Cyber Threat Intelligence Feed Collector
