Cryptography/README.md, before:

# Cryptography

- [Ciphey](https://github.com/Ciphey/Ciphey) - Automatically decrypt encryptions without knowing the key or cipher, decode encodings, and crack hashes
- [CSCI-462](https://github.com/sarah-dill/CSCI-462) - Contains scripts from the class CSCI-462 Introduction to Cryptography 
- [Crypto](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Crypto) - The Crypto interface represents basic cryptography features available in the current context. It allows access to a cryptographically strong random number generator and to cryptographic primitives.
- [Cryptofuzz](https://github.com/guidovranken/cryptofuzz) - Fuzzing cryptographic libraries. Magic bug printer go brrrr. 
- [CryptoHack.org](https://cryptohack.org/) - A fun free platform for learning modern cryptography.
- [Dcipher](https://github.com/k4m4/dcipher) - Decipher hashes using online rainbow & lookup table attack services.
- [DEScrypto](https://github.com/DedSecInside/DEScrypto) - DES Encrypter/Decrypter.
- [Encrypting Kali Setup Tutorial (working pr. 10.11.20)](https://www.informaticar.net/how-to-manually-partition-and-encrypt-kali-linux/)
- [End-to-end](https://github.com/google/end-to-end) - End-To-End is a crypto library to encrypt, decrypt, digital sign, and verify signed messages (implementing OpenPGP).
- [fr/tools-list#Cryptography](https://www.dcode.fr/tools-list#Cryptography)
- [GEA1_break](https://github.com/airbus-seclab/GEA1_break) - Implementation of the key recovery attack against GEA-1 keys (Eurocrypt 2021).
- [GnuPGP](https://gnupg.org/) - The GNU Privacy Guard. GnuPG is a complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880 (also known as PGP). GnuPG allows you to encrypt and sign your data and communications; it features a versatile key management system, along with access modules for all kinds of public key directories. GnuPG, also known as GPG, is a command line tool with features for easy integration with other applications. A wealth of frontend applications and libraries are available. GnuPG also provides support for S/MIME and Secure Shell (ssh).
  - [EasyGPG](https://github.com/guelfoweb/easygpg) - Zenity GUI to manage GPG keys.
  - [GnuPG Github](https://github.com/gpg/gnupg)
- [Hotp-js - A JavaScript HOTP implementation](https://github.com/adulau/hotp-js) - A simple Javascript HOTP implementation (HMAC-Based One-Time Password Algorithm) as described in RFC 4226. The library relies on crypto-js (http://code.google.com/p/crypto-js/) for the javascript HMAC-SHA1 implementation.
- [LibreCrypt](https://github.com/t-d-k/LibreCrypt) - LibreCrypt: Transparent on-the-fly disk encryption for Windows. LUKS compatible.
- [openpgp.org](https://www.openpgp.org)
- [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) - TLS/SSL and crypto library.
- [Paranoid_crypto](https://github.com/google/paranoid_crypto) - Paranoid's library contains implementations of checks for well known weaknesses on cryptographic artifacts.- [RC4](https://github.com/0xsirus/RC4) - RC4 C implementation 
- [RSACrack](https://github.com/b4den/rsacrack) - A toolbox for extracting RSA private keys from public keys.
- [Sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) - Simple and flexible tool for managing secrets 
- [VeraCrypt](https://github.com/veracrypt/VeraCrypt) - Disk encryption with strong security based on TrueCrypt.

## Digital Signatures
- [Signatures](https://github.com/RustCrypto/signatures) - Cryptographic signature algorithms: DSA, ECDSA, Ed25519
- [SignTool](https://www.linux.org/docs/man1/signtool.html) - Digitally sign objects and files.

## Hashes
- [HAITI](https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/haiti) - A CLI tool to identify the hash type of a given hash. 
- [Hash collisions and exploitations](https://github.com/corkami/collisions)

Commit message:

gocryptfs, Eme, Encfs, eCryptFS, Cryfs, SiriKali

Cryptography/README.md, after:

# Cryptography

- [Ciphey](https://github.com/Ciphey/Ciphey) - Automatically decrypt encryptions without knowing the key or cipher, decode encodings, and crack hashes
- [CSCI-462](https://github.com/sarah-dill/CSCI-462) - Contains scripts from the class CSCI-462 Introduction to Cryptography 
- [Cryfs](https://github.com/cryfs/cryfs) - Cryptographic filesystem for the cloud
- [Crypto](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Crypto) - The Crypto interface represents basic cryptography features available in the current context. It allows access to a cryptographically strong random number generator and to cryptographic primitives.
- [Cryptofuzz](https://github.com/guidovranken/cryptofuzz) - Fuzzing cryptographic libraries. Magic bug printer go brrrr. 
- [CryptoHack.org](https://cryptohack.org/) - A fun free platform for learning modern cryptography.
- [Dcipher](https://github.com/k4m4/dcipher) - Decipher hashes using online rainbow & lookup table attack services.
- [DEScrypto](https://github.com/DedSecInside/DEScrypto) - DES Encrypter/Decrypter.
- [Eme](https://github.com/rfjakob/eme) - EME (Encrypt-Mix-Encrypt) wide-block encryption for Go.
- [Encfs](https://github.com/vgough/encfs) - EncFS: an Encrypted Filesystem for FUSE.
- [eCryptFS](https://www.ecryptfs.org/home) - "The enterprise cryptographic filesystem for Linux"
- [Encrypting Kali Setup Tutorial (working pr. 10.11.20)](https://www.informaticar.net/how-to-manually-partition-and-encrypt-kali-linux/)
- [End-to-end](https://github.com/google/end-to-end) - End-To-End is a crypto library to encrypt, decrypt, digital sign, and verify signed messages (implementing OpenPGP).
- [fr/tools-list#Cryptography](https://www.dcode.fr/tools-list#Cryptography)
- [GEA1_break](https://github.com/airbus-seclab/GEA1_break) - Implementation of the key recovery attack against GEA-1 keys (Eurocrypt 2021).
- [GnuPGP](https://gnupg.org/) - The GNU Privacy Guard. GnuPG is a complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880 (also known as PGP). GnuPG allows you to encrypt and sign your data and communications; it features a versatile key management system, along with access modules for all kinds of public key directories. GnuPG, also known as GPG, is a command line tool with features for easy integration with other applications. A wealth of frontend applications and libraries are available. GnuPG also provides support for S/MIME and Secure Shell (ssh).
  - [EasyGPG](https://github.com/guelfoweb/easygpg) - Zenity GUI to manage GPG keys.
  - [GnuPG Github](https://github.com/gpg/gnupg)
- [Gocryptfs](https://github.com/rfjakob/gocryptfs) - Encrypted overlay filesystem written in Go.
  - [gocryptfs Cryptography](https://nuetzlich.net/gocryptfs/forward_mode_crypto/)

- [Hotp-js - A JavaScript HOTP implementation](https://github.com/adulau/hotp-js) - A simple Javascript HOTP implementation (HMAC-Based One-Time Password Algorithm) as described in RFC 4226. The library relies on crypto-js (http://code.google.com/p/crypto-js/) for the javascript HMAC-SHA1 implementation.
- [LibreCrypt](https://github.com/t-d-k/LibreCrypt) - LibreCrypt: Transparent on-the-fly disk encryption for Windows. LUKS compatible.
- [openpgp.org](https://www.openpgp.org)
- [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl) - TLS/SSL and crypto library.
- [Paranoid_crypto](https://github.com/google/paranoid_crypto) - Paranoid's library contains implementations of checks for well known weaknesses on cryptographic artifacts.- [RC4](https://github.com/0xsirus/RC4) - RC4 C implementation 
- [RSACrack](https://github.com/b4den/rsacrack) - A toolbox for extracting RSA private keys from public keys.
- [Sirikali](https://github.com/mhogomchungu/sirikali) - A Qt/C++ GUI front end to sshfs, ecryptfs-simple, cryfs, gocryptfs, securefs, fscrypt and encfs
- [Sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) - Simple and flexible tool for managing secrets 
- [VeraCrypt](https://github.com/veracrypt/VeraCrypt) - Disk encryption with strong security based on TrueCrypt.

## Digital Signatures
- [Signatures](https://github.com/RustCrypto/signatures) - Cryptographic signature algorithms: DSA, ECDSA, Ed25519
- [SignTool](https://www.linux.org/docs/man1/signtool.html) - Digitally sign objects and files.

## Hashes
- [HAITI](https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/haiti) - A CLI tool to identify the hash type of a given hash. 
- [Hash collisions and exploitations](https://github.com/corkami/collisions)
