Forensics/Windows.md, before:

# Windows

- [Digital Forensics and Incident Response](https://tajdini.net/blog/forensics-and-security/digital-forensics-and-incident-response/)

## Exchange
- [Detect webshells dropped on Microsoft Exchange servers after 0day compromises]() - Detect webshells dropped on Microsoft Exchange servers exploited through "proxylogon" group of vulnerabilites (CVE-2021-26855, CVE-2021-26857, CVE-2021-26858, CVE-2021-27065).
  - [Http-vuln-exchange.nse](https://github.com/GossiTheDog/scanning/blob/main/http-vuln-exchange.nse) - Check for Exchange Server CVEs CVE-2021-26855, CVE-2021-26857, CVE-2021-26858 and CVE-2021-27065 using Outlook Web App path data.
  - [Scan Exchange log files for indicators of compromise](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/03/02/hafnium-targeting-exchange-servers/#scan-log) - The Exchange Server team released a script for checking HAFNIUM indicators of compromise (IOCs).
  - 
## Memory
- [Blackbone](https://github.com/DarthTon/Blackbone) - Windows memory hacking library.
- [MemProcFS](https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS) - The Memory Process File System.
  - [MemProcFS-plugins](https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS-plugins) - Plugins range from non-core plugins to plugins that have offensive capabilities - such as pypykatz.
- [MemScanner](https://github.com/FaEryICE/MemScanner) - Analyze Windows x64 Kernel Memory Layout.
- [SafetyDump](https://github.com/m0rv4i/SafetyDump) - SafetyDump is an in-memory process memory dumper. Dumps stuff without touching disk.

Commit message:

added 'Event Log', APT-Hunter

Forensics/Windows.md, after:

# Windows

- [Digital Forensics and Incident Response](https://tajdini.net/blog/forensics-and-security/digital-forensics-and-incident-response/)

## Event Log
- [APT-Hunter](https://github.com/ahmedkhlief/APT-Hunter) - APT-Hunter is Threat Hunting tool for windows event logs which made by purple team mindset to provide detect APT movements hidden in the sea of windows event logs to decrease the time to uncover suspicious activity.

## Exchange
- [Detect webshells dropped on Microsoft Exchange servers after 0day compromises]() - Detect webshells dropped on Microsoft Exchange servers exploited through "proxylogon" group of vulnerabilites (CVE-2021-26855, CVE-2021-26857, CVE-2021-26858, CVE-2021-27065).
  - [Http-vuln-exchange.nse](https://github.com/GossiTheDog/scanning/blob/main/http-vuln-exchange.nse) - Check for Exchange Server CVEs CVE-2021-26855, CVE-2021-26857, CVE-2021-26858 and CVE-2021-27065 using Outlook Web App path data.
  - [Scan Exchange log files for indicators of compromise](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/03/02/hafnium-targeting-exchange-servers/#scan-log) - The Exchange Server team released a script for checking HAFNIUM indicators of compromise (IOCs).
  - 
## Memory
- [Blackbone](https://github.com/DarthTon/Blackbone) - Windows memory hacking library.
- [MemProcFS](https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS) - The Memory Process File System.
  - [MemProcFS-plugins](https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS-plugins) - Plugins range from non-core plugins to plugins that have offensive capabilities - such as pypykatz.
- [MemScanner](https://github.com/FaEryICE/MemScanner) - Analyze Windows x64 Kernel Memory Layout.
- [SafetyDump](https://github.com/m0rv4i/SafetyDump) - SafetyDump is an in-memory process memory dumper. Dumps stuff without touching disk.
