Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning/README.md, before:

## Machine Learning

-	Text classification also known as text tagging or text categorization is the process of categorizing text into organized groups.
-	By using Natural Language Processing (NLP), text classifiers can automatically analyze text and the assign a set of pre-defined tags or categories based on its content.

Applications
-	Sentiment analysis
-	Topic Detection
-	Language Detection
-	Tagging Products/Content
-	Differentiate between legitimate messages and spam mails
-	News Portals

The problem – BBC News Classification
-	The goal is to build a system that can accurately classify previously unseen news articles into the right category
-	Text documents are one of the richest sources of data for businesses
-	Public dataset from the BBC comprised of 2225 each labeled under on of 5 categories: Business, entertainment, politics, sport or tech

Towards Deep Learning
-	Sequence prediction problems have been around for a long time
-	These include a wide range of problems: From predicting sales to finding patterns in stock markets’ data, from understanding movie plots to recognizing your way of speech, from language translations to predicting your next work on your iPhone’s keyboard.

## Reinforcement Learning
Description: _Reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning concerned with how intelligent agents ought to take actions in an environment in order to maximize the notion of cumulative reward. Reinforcement learning is one of three basic machine learning paradigms, alongside supervised learning and unsupervised learning._ [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning)
- [Vicero](https://github.com/CogitoNTNU/vicero) - Reinforcement Learning Framework.

## Resources
- [Awesome Machine Learning](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning) - A curated list of awesome Machine Learning frameworks, libraries and software.
- [Camera Classifier](https://github.com/NeuralNine/camera-classifier) - A Python application that uses camera input to train a SVM to respond to specific actions.
- [CrypTen](https://github.com/facebookresearch/CrypTen) - A framework for Privacy Preserving Machine Learning.
- [Emojifier](https://github.com/Anandesh-Sharma/Emojifier) - Recognizes faces in real time and predict emoji according to the emotion.
- [GoLearn](https://github.com/sjwhitworth/golearn) - Machine Learning for Go.
- [Machine Learning and Security](https://github.com/13o-bbr-bbq/machine_learning_security) - Source code about machine learning and security.
- [Machine Learning for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/ML-For-Beginners) - 12 weeks, 25 lessons, 50 quizzes, classic Machine Learning for all.
- [Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/wtsxDev/Machine-Learning-for-Cyber-Security) - Curated list of tools and resources related to the use of machine learning for cyber security.
- [ML Visuals](https://github.com/dair-ai/ml-visuals) - ML Visuals contains figures and templates which you can reuse and customize to improve your scientific writing.
- [MLSpace](https://github.com/abhishekkrthakur/mlspace) - MLSpace: Hassle-free machine learning & deep learning development.
- [OAP-MLlib](https://github.com/oap-project/oap-mllib) - Optimized Spark package to accelerate machine learning algorithms in Apache Spark MLlib.
- [ONNX Runtime](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime) - ONNX Runtime: cross-platform, high performance ML inferencing and training accelerator
- [UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/index.php)

Commit message:

added 'Learning', ML Course Notes, ML YouTube Courses

Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning/README.md, after:

## Machine Learning

-	Text classification also known as text tagging or text categorization is the process of categorizing text into organized groups.
-	By using Natural Language Processing (NLP), text classifiers can automatically analyze text and the assign a set of pre-defined tags or categories based on its content.

Applications
-	Sentiment analysis
-	Topic Detection
-	Language Detection
-	Tagging Products/Content
-	Differentiate between legitimate messages and spam mails
-	News Portals

The problem – BBC News Classification
-	The goal is to build a system that can accurately classify previously unseen news articles into the right category
-	Text documents are one of the richest sources of data for businesses
-	Public dataset from the BBC comprised of 2225 each labeled under on of 5 categories: Business, entertainment, politics, sport or tech

Towards Deep Learning
-	Sequence prediction problems have been around for a long time
-	These include a wide range of problems: From predicting sales to finding patterns in stock markets’ data, from understanding movie plots to recognizing your way of speech, from language translations to predicting your next work on your iPhone’s keyboard.

## Reinforcement Learning
Description: _Reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning concerned with how intelligent agents ought to take actions in an environment in order to maximize the notion of cumulative reward. Reinforcement learning is one of three basic machine learning paradigms, alongside supervised learning and unsupervised learning._ [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning)
- [Vicero](https://github.com/CogitoNTNU/vicero) - Reinforcement Learning Framework.

## Learning
- [Machine Learning for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/ML-For-Beginners) - 12 weeks, 25 lessons, 50 quizzes, classic Machine Learning for all.
- [Machine Learning for Cyber Security](https://github.com/wtsxDev/Machine-Learning-for-Cyber-Security) - Curated list of tools and resources related to the use of machine learning for cyber security.
- [ML Course Notes](https://github.com/dair-ai/ML-Course-Notes) - Sharing course notes on all topics related to machine learning, NLP, and AI.
- [ML YouTube Courses](https://github.com/dair-ai/ML-YouTube-Courses) - A place to discover the latest machine learning courses on YouTube.
- [UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/index.php)


## Resources
- [Awesome Machine Learning](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning) - A curated list of awesome Machine Learning frameworks, libraries and software.
- [Camera Classifier](https://github.com/NeuralNine/camera-classifier) - A Python application that uses camera input to train a SVM to respond to specific actions.
- [CrypTen](https://github.com/facebookresearch/CrypTen) - A framework for Privacy Preserving Machine Learning.
- [Emojifier](https://github.com/Anandesh-Sharma/Emojifier) - Recognizes faces in real time and predict emoji according to the emotion.
- [GoLearn](https://github.com/sjwhitworth/golearn) - Machine Learning for Go.
- [Machine Learning and Security](https://github.com/13o-bbr-bbq/machine_learning_security) - Source code about machine learning and security.
- [ML Visuals](https://github.com/dair-ai/ml-visuals) - ML Visuals contains figures and templates which you can reuse and customize to improve your scientific writing.
- [MLSpace](https://github.com/abhishekkrthakur/mlspace) - MLSpace: Hassle-free machine learning & deep learning development.
- [OAP-MLlib](https://github.com/oap-project/oap-mllib) - Optimized Spark package to accelerate machine learning algorithms in Apache Spark MLlib.
- [ONNX Runtime](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime) - ONNX Runtime: cross-platform, high performance ML inferencing and training accelerator
